" 187 was just been me a 7, they crushed me, they step in, they know it's the mirror Just fake a hurl, bad like a friend, I swear I didn't suck"
I don't understand why you being so mean You're a mean man You're just jealous of me cause you know you just can't do what I do So instead of just admitting it you walk around and say I can't really meet you
" One month, two month, three month, four Hit the baby mama when I step in through the dough Yeah, I'm pregnant but I gotta eauflow Trying to make some money, but"
" I'm coming back to you baby, shake it like a pitiful Back then they did want me now, get my dick full"
" I'm space space, we have to know this scene E I just need my space right now"
" Like, okay, that still doesn't take the form out. So, you all just don't have anything better to do than involve yourselves around this girl's lifestyle? Like, I've been been watching Kristen Whitman since... 2020? 2019? Something like that. I've been here for it all. But she's like, we're a woman. She can do what she pleases. And I really don't understand why y'all revolve your lives around her. She's a... I mean, she's human. Leaves the girl alone. Leaver B."
" You got me to think, I really can't sleep right now. It's time to kiss someone, don't ask me. You know what I'm like, I'm losing it."
I'm such a fool I'm talking about how I'll never ever find a man like you You got me twisted You must not know about me
Hey Hey Hey Hey hey Hey Hey hey Hey Hey who amen venров hey you坦ver hey you Heyinaudible and there's another great chance I got to come all of a $120
" And I always call me home Meet my newbie, I had a once, but I got him on the ground"
When a little like there was a new more sailors and no more soldiers with your name in a heart tattooed upon the shoulders
" I'll be the one of girls You'll have to jump over super high Like up in the sky Don't bother a boy, then let's get it"
" Hey, yeah. Ah. Alright, red breath tastes like cherry kiwi. We'll be feeding you double-leadings."
" I'm going to tell you the three of us now I'm going to the next street Oh, I'm going to the next street Now I'm there, I'm going to the next street I'm going to the next street"
" I don't know if this is a pregnancy update or a nicotine update. Um, I started chewing on straws again, which was a habit that I've had since I was seven years old and I stopped a few years ago. Um, I cried because I wanted Genji to go so bad and now I don't even want it because there's not enough yum yum sauce. And I'm on a most fun fucking wreck. So... Yeah. And I still want my puff bar so... Ha ha!"
" Funny? Yes, but not funny, haha. More like funny. I fucked around with nicotine. I weighed two young of an age and now I'm yours deep in this shit and don't know how to quit. Haha."
Michael come here. Michael. Oh it's a V-Pan. Excellent. Thank you. Dad that's not a V-Pan. What is it? It's a pregnancy test for pregnant. Very not. It's not a V-Pan.
" I thought about vaping every f***ing day since I got pregnant. I got pregnant like during a month when I had COVID. Oh no. Just f***ing vaping every other day. It's a little lighter. Did I do that? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Now I'm like, we've probably got like half a dumb ass. Yeah, they were working with here. Please do have interesting genes because double alcoholic if I'm correct, two alcoholics. Yes. And with blue eyes. With blue eyes. Two alcoholics, both mentally ill. Yeah. I didn't think this was going to stick around. I was like, this is going to be like a bad three week to work. I really did. I didn't. We just had a couple of miscarriages. You're like, ah, we got another one in the mix. And we'll see. Yeah. Just like, oh my god."
And she started screenshot and I'm like bitch what the fuck screenshot for what? Hope the fuck I don't need no witness cuz I know what the fuck I said Oh and bitch I'm in
" Okay, it's like five in the morning. I know I'm gonna get hit on my last video, but tell me I don't deserve my kids because I've raped is I posted it because it's a real thing that people go through and I never said I didn't feel guilty. I didn't say I didn't feel like a piece of shit for doing it but it's hard. It's not easy for everybody and the people in the comments saying oh I just quit I just quit. Good for you like really I'm proud. Yay but I am struggling all and nicotine pouches oh my god come on now like y'all are being fucking ridiculous and rude as fuck for no reason and it's just giving ugly."
This shit is a girl blind I only smoke girl blind This shit is a girl blind I only smoke girl blind
Cause I'm seven and hold these photographs I guess the good things ain't meant to last I gave you whoever you gave them on I'll never fall in for anyone And now I'm looking
" Why didn't you all tell me that quit smoking to a lot like being fucking pregnant? So far I've wanted to nap about four times today. I've been craving a banana split for the last three fucking hours. For the last five hours I've done nothing but smell strawberries. I've been in my car. I've been through several hundred fucking miles of land today. There's no way there's strawberries growing everywhere. So for today I've eaten nachos. I've got two bags of candy sitting next to me and I'm gonna go home and eat some fucking board chops. Maybe with some eggs. I don't know. We'll see what there is to fucking cook it with. But yeah, I feel like a fucking pregnant woman with a bunch of fucking cravings. I want to sleep all the goddamn time. Please tell me this gets better."
When I get pregnant I'm gonna stop probably two months or so. Huh. I feel like that's a little drastic. I could be wrong. Let me know in the comments below.
" Let's go! On the gang, if we just broke up this morning, Oh I'm outside by tonight, GPS for me, Turn left for all the niggas on the right, You know them drug dealers, Rapper scammers, I sound like my type. I ain't gotta go as fuck them, Cause my words gon' grip on me."
I will quit smoking when I'm good and ready to not because some stranger on tiptock Don't tell me to fucking quit smoking ace up a matter of fact You better be lucky Be lucky my babies awake and I can step back signs. Let's go blow a smoke right now You'll need to get off my shit And stop telling a grown-ass woman That's 20 fucking seven that's had three pregnancies before all three of her babies are perfectly fine And got another one on the way all the way that's four pregnancy And guess what this won't be just as fine All of my babies are happy and healthy So will this one Lead me alone Thank you Good night
" This is not my sister and her boyfriend, family. Sorry, you had to come out looking like this. It was all on the baby show, mom. Hit."
" There it is. Magnum. Oh, oh. Yeah, baby! That's what I've been waiting for! Dear God, it's beautiful."
" Alright, this one's from my friends were trying to quit vaping or smoking and ear me out because I know where it sounds a little bit weird but It's working for me. I think it's because you get a combination of that 2D-4D flavor The hands of mouth and the oral fixation I present to you candy sour spray I was actually inspired to try this from others here on TikTok a lot of people use the warhead sour spray I like this one. It's sugar free. This flavor is strawberry. So if you see me walking around like a mother fucking fourth grader just And I've got a neon colored tongue baby manja biz"
" Now I'm sitting and getting to the gasp of table shit. I'm going home, bring no beach, but bitch on bus. I feel like I'm home, bring no beach."
" Alright, I'm really gonna quit something. Nicotine? Four seconds. Already dead. That was kind of forced."
I'm back in my ass got bigger pretty face in a real nice video I'm shooting shot nigga for that trigger for my ass
We are the champions of my friends And we'll keep on fighting till the end
" How'd you just know? Exactly what that means, baby! I'm your mother, buddy! And you think I'm sexy, college!"
" You can't be doing drugs if you have kids. Smoking and jointing your room and kid comes in. Dad, it is a monster in my room! Where? The hell'd you bring him in here for?"
" I'm feeling lonely I want to wish a fine and lovely day behind me Now I'm crying in the room So scared they're gonna miss But still I want more, more, more I give a sick and chandelier to pay But how I feel is still paying How the way it makes me feel the love isn't real You made it so tough I look for his eyebrows every day"
" How could you sit there and look me in the face? March me, cry, and lie to my face?"
" Pack your things and leave. There's the door. There's the door, bitch!"
" Get that letter I'm too late Yeah, and I'm late, yeah For everybody I can't trust nobody I need me to chat party Don't buy me too long party Bitch, club in that It's so good Yeah, I guess how I get that Ooh, I'm a house of baby You must know me baby I'm off to better things Only doing shit to just gonna make me I love it Only one people are less gonna make me"
" I'm gonna say son she got a bun in the oven still a bass son, you know what happens she was classy we the turtleneet tour around now the bitch like They till the day down. Oh, be the pipe or be the pipe maybe mama fucking squandest"
" Yo Pops, let me pull my head off that 50-nick-wobb ice-cheek. Yo, just wait till they drop that breast milk flavor, bro. Shit, these newborn babies won't even know what, hit em. They'll be returning customers for life, which... Which will probably be like 12 years max. Now the reason I say all this is to let you know that vaping not only intruded my high school years, but also my years in middle school. I was first introduced to these bad boys at the right page of 13. And with a little bit of that good old peer pressure, I folded, bro, like, wasn't I supposed to do it really? Like, not take the hit? Yeah, yeah, no. No, I probably should not have taken the hit. But from that point on, I started doing a little gabbling, you know? I mean, as a 13-year-old, there's only one answer to someone asking, TIT, yo, dude. You want to try to hit it this blueberry quack mole milkshake ice flavor, dude? And that answer is, have some fucking loootly, dude. And I was never a fiend or anything, but I will say, I popped a few ghosts and blown a few-"
" Ha ha ha ha Girl fucking tea is da Fuck you, too"
Ordered my baby new toe since loves putting everything in her mouth.
" Yo Pops, let me bone my head off that 15-inch guava ice-che Yo, just wait till they drop that breast milk flavor, bro. Shit, these newborn babies won't even know what, hit em! They'll be returning customers for life, which will probably be like 12 years max. Now the reason I say all this is to let you know that vaping not only intruded my high school years, but also my years in middle school. I was first introduced to these bad boys at the right page of 13."
I'm as uniform as an orderhead I gotta say I never give a broke bitch any time of day You ugly when you jello spears Look at that face I'm hot right now When you're not okay
" Hi guys, um, so it has officially been 25 hours since I hit my vape. I had quite the night. Hold on, let me show you. Yeah. But, um, I'm feeling a little bit better today. Um, obviously the cravings are still there. Like, I feel like I'm just like, oh, where's my vape? Like, I don't know. I just keep thinking about it and then I'm like, oh, they quit. But I keep telling myself like, I'm done, I'm done, I'm done, I'm done. Because we're done bitches. 25 hours in. Thank me. You can do it. Love you all."
" It is still so shocking that I'm gonna mom me I'm gonna mom look I'm trying to slow down on the nicotine do not hate me for that Okay, I got told it's worse to just quit cold turkey So we're slowing you down, but don't worry Exactly though me a mom who knew but I'm gonna get a lot of hay for that Look I help the babies good Trust me it is still hurting me every day. I can't sleep. I can't even need to have two salads today Listen this is me a seven weeks Don't mind me Look at him cute and shit. I love being pregnant. I don't know I so much energy so but here I miss having weeks I'm a big bump. I wonder"
" I'm Mr. Take your bitch, take her for a trip Fly her to New York, sign my name on the tits Yes I took his lady, I like blue faces so I took his baby Fuck, blue faces"
" So, as many of you may have seen, the video of a young mom put in a vape, the makes me so angry, a vape, in her 11-month-old baby's mouth, watching him choke on the smoke, and fucking laughing at it. Are you okay? Are you mentally okay? What the fuck went through your head? I have two girls. Oh, never even think of doing something like that. What is wrong with you? You're the people that give young moms a bad name. What the fuck is wrong with you? You do not deserve that baby, and I really hope he gets put in a better home. Because fuck knows what the hell happens behind closed doors, not in front of a camera. Oh, makes me so angry. You're fucking disgusting and you do not deserve kids."
" Okay, so I'm like actually low key kind of nervous because the other week I was like making jokes I was like oh, I haven't got my period. Ha ha. Maybe I'm just pregnant You see those My boobs are not this big usually I Am like the president of the itty bitty titty community The only time I ever had boobs was when I was pregnant Tell me why What's this Why is there a titty I'm gonna take a test"
" I didn't think it was fair that I couldn't be there, and I wanted to know what was happening. It's my son in that room that I don't trust anyone in there. I'm gonna freak out. What are you doing, speaker? Kyle is. Obviously, I want to know what's happening, and kind of at least be there on the phone if I can't be in the **** room. They gave her IB-approfen to one of the things for infections. Annabelle X, two of those. A bunch of the morphine aware of the stuff that you click about and it pumps in. She can sit here all day and click it. Yeah, she's gonna come out. Yeah, it's time. I was on that too. Because it makes you all dizzy. Yeah, it does do that. We really didn't phase me that. We were in the parking lot because I was going through some marks. But it would bother you even if you were. I guess I would. You were gonna have your mother in there. No, I wasn't. No, I wasn't."
" I'll do something, find out how dudes watch my videos because the dudes who watch my videos are doomed, they do what they're supposed to do. With the rescue dudes out there, there's only a whole ab's, meeting up, sucking you vape and fucking not having to go to work the next day, make them with these girls and fucking them and get them pregnant right now, you a**. You wanna go fuck the bunch of girls, do it, but month of the day if you got 10 kids with them, you better be taken care of and your fuck is in get. You better be raised in the right, you better be beaten, you better be teaching them stuff and sitting a good example."
But I got a small waist pretty face with a big bang Look how you hain' on the bitch and you my mama
" Happy wedding anniversary! Let me just get naked in one of these. I'm a whole vibe. I'm a whole vibe. So get nah, go come correct. Keep it to yourself, boo, because you will get..."
" Oh hell no, I'm about to tweak in this bitch, man. I'm about to start tweaking in this bitch, man."
" have a Do you know what Ben said? I bet you'll come back pain. Oh, Liz, I told you to leave, mate. Oh my goodness. You have cherished river. So fat. Only they were wonderful."
When your pregnant son you've stopped smoking and your room is in bite you to watch how to train your dragon but bay. Or leave to go smoke 20 minutes in.
We can't pull the switch stays. It's just about fire place. Speech and away. And over.
" I caught a case in high school and then I ended up in like a continuation school. I was like fuck, they thought they were punishing me but they sent me to a school where girls were pregnant and I'm like, homie, they're pregnant, they, they bone, they're like, what's hanging? This is like heaven bro, all the bad chicks, they're down with it. I love this school, right? They weren't punishing me, that was the best thing ever, huh? Continuation school. I go to that school dog and they're all smoking and I'm like, damn, what's going on with this? Yeah, we have a smoking section over here and all those girls right there, that's the pregnant class. I'm looking at, because me and my cousin were both got busted together, you know? So I look at him and like, you think what I'm thinking? He's like, yeah. For me too, dog. Damn, she don't even look pregnant, food."
I am a fucking shit dude Dude! What's your name? Don't you find out where you see it? I hate this! What's your name? Don't you know where you see it?
" Yes, I like your plan except it sucks. So let me do the plan and that way it might be really"
" We took the reddish shorts, they could be kicked by the guys who got us fighting night We made you pretty cold, and you kicked out the bars, so we hit the pool and bar We were fighting night, we were shaking in the bars, can you take me in the dark And try not to measure twilight, we were taking full the love Always say we're gonna start up, oh, oh, oh We're fighting night, you, you, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh We're fighting night, you, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh"
" No! Yeah! See? That's how it's done. Nothing left to prove it. Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! I'm not judge. I'm just checking on you. Understand? That's just like a boyfriend. Yes. No! I can't get my fucking evidence! No, I don't understand why this is so funny. Oh, fuck, dude! This is fun! Fucking baby! He's trying to put some money in that. I'm going to give you that fucking day. Fuck, dude! I'm just doing it right now! I'm just talking to you all in the morning. Shit! Come on up! No more. No more! No more! No more! No more! No, no! Fuck! No more! Oh no! So far away, boys. Oh, God! Oh, God! Oh, shit. And remember the landing you saw for the last time? No, it would have proved much like that!"
" I'm just sitting on the side of the world like we're gonna see I look too good for this necklace And I look too good to be where I'm in it You know I look way too good to be innocent I'm caseding, I got a reason to see I look too good to be driving that"
" Oh, saw, babe. What's up? I left something on the counter for you. Do you think you can grab it? Don't make my hair right here. Look at broski. Babe, this jewel tastes like piss. It's a pregnancy test. Why would I try a vape out of a pregnancy test? It's good. You're so stupid."
" I hear your heart beat to the beat of the drums Oh, how to say you look to gay, you hear it somewhere"
I'm just like an invisible If you see the homies with the guile With the gauze With the knots In the rose Cause I know you really really bro With no gulls In the shows The money broke Designed shows Jimmy Choo Louis Bulls
Yeah bitch I said what I said I'd rather be famous instead I let all that get to my head I don't get I paint the town red bitch I said what I said I'd rather be famous instead
" What do we do today? We turned our closet from an art studio to a piano, a little music studio. So, I got a stand up and play, but I mean it's worth it. I had to go through so much stuff to do this guys. I don't think you understand how much stuff I had to go through just to get this for. I think we're good. I don't think we're going to do anything else. That means instead of some painting videos, you'll be seeing us from piano because this is going to be my hyper fixation while I get these up. I'm getting ready too. Let's see what's to do today. The 20th. I got 10 days left. Oh my god. 10 days. And then it'll be day one for me. So, I need something to do with my hands. Piano beat."
" Look I'm gonna be like Doc. Look I know you wanted to have a stroke when I told you all the smoker. So you get me all fixed up where I can get pregnant? Good. And I'll quit smoking. Bette. Bette, Bette, Bette. Let me get pregnant. And I'll quit smoking. Sounds like a hell of a deal to me, Doc. I mean it though. I'm gonna tell her about Duke."
" So, I was good. I quit smoking when I was pregnant, but I got very cranny. I would look at my husband and I would say, you call this slop dinner? Now everybody's healthy. Look at their eyes. It looks like you're going to crack any minute. I have any good time. Let me check online."
" Yes, these spots are one of the best part about being pregnant. Am I right, sister? Oh, sweetheart, you shouldn't be smoking in your condition. Take your freaking car back in monster."
Really? You and I talked about this over the phone the other day. But I am trying to quit. That almost no ears and ears I used to. I can't just put them down like a hoody knee. Not like everybody else on me. And you know me personally. So I love you Jason.
" Oh, hi Louise. Oh, hi mom. Hello. You're holding my stuff. Hello, my little lady. Hello mom. Why are you doing with my stuff? Hi."
" I can't get a G's me on such Alright, Julli Riz me on such And I got a colorful aura Like I got neon guts"
" Look at you, 4 foot 6, 50 stone. Pell, no, give it up. Anyway, sorry, I'll cut it away then. I just felt like saying, look at you, I'm not saying myself. So yeah, I'm Prada Kesti, she asked you about Smokin, she's on the vape right in again. No, I deal with it, you know, in a real world. It's not what we want, but better than what she was doing and a test is a good, a test, that CO2 test, what you want a bit. So yeah, you know, fuck a minute, that's what I think, fuck it. What I'm going to say, I can't say that because it's a car's account. Well, fact, then account is on, it's last warning, it's last legs, it's about to go, so I've got to be a little careful on there, but I hope you're well, I hope it's been noise by everyone's calling because we're still waiting for this fun to eat wave down south. Bosh."
So most of you who know me know that eye model. So um lately I've been getting asked why I'm not modeling. It's the summer you should be out. You should have photoshoots done. Why aren't you modeling? Um well you see that is flattering. But we have a situation. That is not flattering in pictures. Or with your modeling or when you're doing a photo shoot. Yeah my Trinity photo shoots are cute and all but um I'd rather just not at the moment. Not until my belly is maybe a little bigger but I can't hide that. So
" Yeah, my chance, your brother asked what kind of wave is that? This kind of wave? You see my ear? You see my ear?"
" So, baby, man, check it out. You have had multiple people come out to you. And you still keep this shit going. I'm just wondering, are you done yet? Like, are you done yet? You say keep your shit off the internet. Your original comment was on a draft post. What was I supposed to keep off the internet? You mean not make a TikTok? That's what this is. You make videos, your post, you have a good time. But everybody came for you. So, I'm sure you cut your losses now. I am! And I'm a great fucking day. Because, you're looking, it's looking a little bad for you right now. But hey, you know, where the bullies are harassing you. But you came to my page. Bye."
" Hey baby, remember a long time ago when you said you would never treat on me? Yeah All right, I'm just making sure you remember that because you're looking hella fine and I ain't got time So we're gonna go in this store and if you even think if you even look at somebody the wrong way That's it It's a wrap damn he's cute"
" First of all baby, I don't know who the fuck you think you're talking to. I'm grown so I can do what I want. In second, I don't care what the fuck you think. Nobody cares. You're feelings, but your feelings, you're smoking while you're pregnant. I don't give a fuck how you feel. I have a doctor and you're supposed to have smoking when you get five months. I'm not even close to five months baby. I'm only a month. So it's mind-to-bindness. Second of that video was made because my grandma is in our hospital. She's home now. She's doing very well. I'm nervous. But don't ever come into my video with some shit like this if you don't even know what the fuck's going on. Because I'm doing fine. The baby's doing fine. I'm fine. So why are you worried about me? My fiance is fine. Why are you so pressed? Either keep your comments to your mother fucking soul. Or there's going to be an issue on this motherfucking app. And because of dumb ass people like you, Yopichas. Baby, shut the fuck up with the off-mashit. I'm okay. They care about you."
" Hey, games got your dancing in the middle of the club Got your dancing in the middle of the club I know what you're chasing, you can only get this feeling from a thug You can only get this feeling from a thug Tans falling and it's like a club Are you really on his line? Maybe are you really on his line?"
Girls drink this smoke they hold pregnancy. Wonder why that baby won't stop crying. He need a damn cigarette. He needs some pink wittling. I'll hit him like the milky that's done like it now. He need a damn back whoo. Some hit that black. Mm-hmm.
" What's up bruh? What's up bruh? What's up keep? What's up Lisa? Damn. I want all of bruh. Oh, Ashley. Hey, ooh, Ashley. Hey, hey, hey, hey. I gave her heart when she walked past me. Cause she did."
 I still saw from my face from high and it's in the Kid club inside the lines I'm perfectly in complete I'm still walking down my master piece
" I wanna lose, I'm just so shy What's up Lynn? I hit it raw, she see me in public like what's up friend? She talked too much, but I still hit Cause she a fool on that"
 My water broke so that means Skyler is coming. I'm just getting medication to get my contractions going. So excited.
" Go n' say son, she got a bun in the oven still a bass son You know what happens she was classed, we the turtle to a rat Now the bass ain't big till a bait down Oh, be the pipe or be the pipe Baby mama fucking squaw-"
" Bitch! What happened, bitch? I heard something that's how you... What? You're fucking scared, dude! Tell me, bitch! Let me pregnant. What? I'm pregnant! Bitch, what the f***? I'm the baby! What the f***? What the f***? Shit! Oh my god, dude. What's today's date? April 1st, bitch. Bitch! Ha ha ha!"
" Hey guys, October is pregnancy and infant loss awareness month. This is a call that's very near and dear to my heart because I am one in four. With that in mind I created a sticker pack in my SC shop and if you guys would like to check it out and if there are any momos of an individual babies out there, I'm just looking for a way to to commemorate your sweet baby then I would love you to check it out. My the late my extra shop is in my bio. Love you guys."
" All right guys, so we're moving today and I'll have to be honest right here. The best helper award and she's been busing her ass goes to Kristen. This goes to Kristen. She's been busing her ass today. Just flipping her over all night."
" You know, instead of waiting for a good day to happen, you know, waiting around, you love some guys, you know, I just said yeah."
Here's another trying not your recipes so you don't have to because my morning sickness is bad today Today we got saltine two crackers every hour
" You're a pinion, you can keep it. I'm undefeated. I really don't need it."
" Today I'm going to my point now for glucose test. Here's me heading into the building. Here's my sugary drink. It's orange. It's not as bad as people told me it was. It just literally tastes like a flat orange soda. I don't have any issues with it. Then I get to go see my OB. I'll be, and then we wait for a bit of an hour. I need to draw my blood. And then I'm done and I go home."
