Thank you
I'm surprised to see me I don't wanna like that but scream in something
I can see all my Bye
" Oh no, this can't be."
" I-you have to be honest. Am I, Osly? Yes or no?"
We love you all so much Thank you
" Honey, it was ruined when she bought it. Yeah."
Thanks for watching!
It's me! Jessica! I'm in here!
But imagine how tired we are. Imagine how tired we are.
Thank you for watching
 Gottfamous
" Talk to you all next time, bye. you"
 Trans運 by Adams
Maybe it this week cause it might calm you down You're feet listening to everything you're talking about
" Like it's not that serious, trust me, I know that. But anyway,"
You
Why would I listen to you?
The End
I thought you were in the cut with my queen we be vibing Class of it but then no I be
" Well, he looks at me and I look at him and he looks at me and I look at him."
You know who's just in the middle You don't find someone else
" Uh-oh! No, man, don't do that! What is you doing? Don't do that! Don't do that!"
CASBUS
take a step back and you look at this very inner situation. Yeah. Is it that deep?
 After Till The Français
" She's perfectly fucking behind, bro."
" When you take a step back and you look at this very inner situation, yeah, is it that deep?"
" When you take a step back and you look at this very inner situation, yeah, is it that deep?"
take a step back and you look at this very inner situation. Yeah. Is it that deep?
I wear my supposed to leave laugh love in these conditions.
" If it let it all go, it's all, grateful, it's all, grateful."
 Thanks for watching!
He'll know. Hmm. Be... Be- Be-
" Nah, that's just be real Yes, it's me, honest That just be real"
I paint myself above the floor and found something in with a living fold.
Are you stupid?
" I'm not even doing shit, that's all you got."
take a step back and you look at this very inner situation. Yeah. Is it that deep?
You're not very pretty and you're not very bright. I'm so glad we had that time.
character
I know I ain't have one of those weeks.
Why are we making whatever this is? Why is whatever this is in production? Why?
I'll make you speak the same
" Wow, this is a very powerful drawing. As people are out there, they are always smoking 24."
it was ruined when she bought it.
take a step back and you look at this very inner situation. Yeah. Is it that deep?
and
take a step back and you look at this very inner situation. Yeah. Is it that deep?
anes
and you look at this very inner situation. Yeah. Is it that deep?
Who is the one person that saved your life without even knowing it?
" Just be real, just be honest, just be real"
Absolutely not. Absolutely not. Why would you be asking that question?
I have mercy.
You
" No, you're not supposed to smoke or drink when you're pregnant. I'm not. What? What? What do you mean? I'm not. No! You're not."
Peace out!
take a step back and you look at this very inner situation. Yeah. Is it that deep?
" Instead of complaining about anything, learn to be thankful for everything."
Choose an American from oneพ
layers.
Thanks for watching!
" Like it's not that serious. Trust me, I know that. But anyway,"
" Please say it's baby. So the fight we deliver, we deliver."
that inabe just anytime
" You've had a dimple made in your chin, you've had your lips enlarged, reconstructed, I list reconstructed."
" And now we are right, we can't speak with..."
 You think I'm crazy?
 And thank you so much for watching!
I try not to keep myself
 music We
 and admit you're in danger. Who are you talking to right now?
The real is sure how to feel about it
You
I'm the one I wonder why I I wonder why you
What's private? Don't mind me just watching.
I can't be on my shelf.
Access Day
 That's exactly how I feel.
Kendall's not here because she's just got the flu or something. I actually didn't have the flu.
I have not smoked all day. I'm about to flip the f*** out.
and admit you're in danger. Who are you talking to right now?
The
in early surprised moves.
" She if 2 plus 2 was 4, right? And 5 was 5 is 10, okay? What do you think? What do you think?"
