" Call up, I ain't the way, that will never try to get his leg back If you love me, you'll speak, back if you love me Speak, speak, speak"
" Name five things you can't live about? Alasheurs, Avie, Sunbed, Clifffiller. Last one. Both ox."
I'm coming back for you baby I'm coming back for you
" the touch on them. Face, cash, come and trap me with a baby. Oh, you wish for June Trick is crazy."
" I'll kiss a night you won't say the same thing I'll kiss a night you won't say the same thing Girl, don't get the fuck from"
" Oh Make you want to kick a fat kid at K. Mark, you know what I'm saying"
I can't wait to see you girl. I miss you so much. I miss you more than my granddad.
" Is she blind? Suffering some form of brain damage. Okay, look, you are all men."
" And if you wonder if I do you, I do you And if you want to make me feel just like this What I will do to make you feel just like this And if you want it if I do you"
" I need a song, what's up? Heavy good girl, he's a little tough Heavy black boy, he's a little love If you put it out, I'll pick it up, pop pop Cause you just me, it's just me and you Panning, I really do, that's my part of you, baby All about me, that's the ending G"
" Today's toast is the first off. Track me with a baby, or a kiss. All you wish for June Trick is crazy."
" Test score for 19, but I open the check Rhythm of the mic and I'm back again The number not bad, we live a KTM Beyond my boys we're going grafting Number all but out, creeping for your kin I seen a key from an RS grief"
" My love is my own way. I love my, my mind."
" Hey, no police around here baby, I won't judge you."
So many vices wanna be my baby Right in front of town in a damn murder city So none of the game baby you can't play me I am not a car baby you can't chase me
If you're not resisting the devil you're resisting the devil. Okay put that in your jaw and smoke it
" I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you Summer here is the thing we turn up The summer we've been down the hill The summer we've been running against the sun It's good for free now, no respect Summer to part, we best stay to be Now we're going to return to my place But we fight a win just like go and"
" I got a cool girl, you ready tonight is my show If you okay you might open my show Got to be pointless right under my nose Phoenix Max, I gotta look down Phoenix Max, I gotta look down"
" BAT GO! You could kiss next up 30 years this, baby girl you mean so BAT GO! It's your mind you mean, I can't know where my back up How dare I pause on my page trying to track us Ran no change city grocery"
" Doing it's not style I'ma pick you up in a catalogue like a gentleman Bring it, glam a black keep it real real in the way I feel I could walk you down my eye I wanna do you like Michael I wanna kiss you like friends Let's get it all like Marvigade like Angle Web I'd song for you like this"
" If it's day 8 and you can miss the channel, hey, hey On the jokes, coding got me tripping"
" You've been running through my mind all day Hey, you're running through my mind all day"
" the touch on them. Face, cash, come and trap me with a baby. Oh, you wish for June Trick is crazy."
" To preels on the bus go round and round, round and round, round and round."
Let's plan the day I do my hair top check my name baby how you feel? Baby how you feel Girl need to kick off your shoes gotta take a deep breath time to focus on you all the big fights all night That you've been through. I got a bottle of tequila been saving for you Bounce up and change your life you can have it all no sacrifice I know we did you wrong we can make it right so go and let it all hang out tonight
" I have to touch on them Face pockets gonna trap me with a baby Oh, you wish for June Trick is crazy"
What it takes to follow our life It's the way I'm feeling I just can't deny
" I love you, I love you, baby Yeah, it feels so good to be so young And have this one and this is successful But what about a pet you sick of sound death?"
I'm moving my arms so you are so I am I'm moving my arms so you that I am I'm on top of a boat I'm a budget with some breaks I'm invincible And I will never sing the name I'm so powerful I don't need batteries today I'm so confident I'm on top of a budget day
" What? You're always looking at me, dude? You shut the fuck up because I always catch you staring."
But it's over Then you drive and you home Then you kind of come down And so get up to go You kiss me And you call me and it feels like it's done I've no idea I see you for But it's not real And you don't exist And I can't recall for a summer boy's kiss
" Take a name to buy the wings, time to tell her everything Ask her for the strength to stand"
" I hope that's from the day I got my life Surrounded by couples all the time I guess I should take it as a sign I hope you love me I want you to feel it, love it"
" Remember when I got pregnant? Yes, and it would be nothing like that."
" him Yes girl, yes. Boo bitch. Looking on pregnant bitch, how the fuck you up? Boo bitch. What's up bitch? Why didn't you name me? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up?"
" You don't understand me as I am crazier. That's not something to be fucking proud of. So this video is going around the HG community and reference to and vaping. And I'm just wondered if maybe the creator was not referencing things that we're referencing. And maybe the creator was just referencing tobacco because if that's the case, yeah, awesome, cool. That's cool, still shameful, still judgmental and like, okay, but like, if you don't have something nice to say, just don't say it at all. I feel like that's the best rule that we should be following right now. But, okay, let's break it down. If you didn't know, now you know, Hi, my name's Holly. I teach you about what trees do very saving babies. I say babies. Save and babies. Fan, fan, fan. See ya."
" Wow. I didn't know that. I just, you tell me enough for the first time."
" I'm crazy but you like that I'm boy, baby He's on your nightstand Never forget I blocked him"
" Baby got a moping on over time Who's strictly bitch, she don't play around Covered much grouse, got gay barbeque Who getting paid is a forte Eating everyday, to play a way I can't get it out of my mind Wow Think about the girl all the time Wow, wow Who's east side to the west side Where's your fat rise, it's a toast of pride Who's she got chicks in the stand?"
" I like you here, but I know it only lasts a couple days"
" I said I also like me, babe Yeah, it feels so good to be so young And have this fun and this successful But what about..."
" I'm not a bad guy Hit the fuck up and sing the girl down Say sorry was her not I'm not gonna get this thing Drag and I can You just been dead on over I'll get behind and you'll be here I'm not fucking alive Shake it back You'll be alive, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang"
it's a beautiful just like you were a danger可以 fly
" Cause I'm a raric ball, the world is so far from me to breathe Tell me how I'm supposed to breathe with no air Can't live, can't breathe"
I'm coming back for you baby I'm coming back for you
" So anyway, I'm angry. I guess I'm fucking keyed up today, man. A lot of shit going on. I'm trying to quit vaping vaping vaping. It's vaping, motherfucker. So I'm still on that shit, dude. God damn. I fucking put my tongue in a damn bird house, baby, and lick the walls. I don't care. That's just where I'm at today, dude. I'll eat a damn bird's ass, bro. No cat."
" Like mom's forgetting her, Slipping the girl that's looking at the lady And now coming, fuck me baby!"
" I'll need a song Yes, life sucks, but not that much Okay, it'll just be a dance battle You're an expert I'll bring you a full-time specter I like it good You better trust me, baby I just made it"
You see the number of abuse I've got I should have been chained I should have been chained I should have been chained I should have been chained I should have been chained
Fuck em up! Fuck em up! Get em black! Get em black! Call it! Get em black! Get em black! Money! Fuck em up! I played! Get em right! Call it! I don't read! Get em black! Say it now!
" Instead of complaining about anything, learn to be thankful for everything. hashtag, speak it from the heart."
" I ain't fuck with a broke weight bitch I rather cryin' the roseways Holes me they ain't got no choice bitches fallin' on fuck back in You're gonna smoke how you a baby at, at, at, at, bitches my world and I'm a bad bitch like Stunner Dora You would've liked us bitches, fly us trips, don't fly us, you're new like us"
" Yeah, you know I like that sticky sticky Let's roll it up Yeah, I'm popping out with body back Come fuck with us, I fucked it bitch Where you can have a bag That's out of love Used to have to go and find the pack Now I'm the plug I'm the nigga in my city city Just ask for a ride"
Why you bringing weird to me? You said you wanted to get married when I say that when you had to lay up
I'm still the liquor. No. Guess what? I'm on top of the liquor. What's my secret? This little device right here. I just take a little blow and it tells me when it's time for a little top up.
" How the fuck did you pull up to the motherfucking party if it gets a perks? Perty and I just pop that perk, damn, perk dirty, I just pop that perk dirty, huh?"
" think I'm obsessed with this, but I'm okay with it. I am obsessed with it. And I think this is an obsession that doesn't hurt anyone."
" I'm a block of fina-leeta hood Cause everywhere I go, I'm my dick as with a pain But bitch, I just walk on, no I cannot hit a stain Deep bitches think I'm spot"
" There's nothing wrong with my life. I should be happy, but there's this sadness. I don't know where it comes from."
" Hit the button for seeing the girl down Play short, it was her, not none Girl let's get this thing track and hack You just been dead on over I'll get behind and you'll take me while"
I'm a city she whipping the ladies The registration we all ran a nation My husband went crazy new certification My flowers for lady I love our relations We went through our phases and chances of location
" Daydream daydream, if I had control of you We could stay like this forever Gostare where we live With the help of the clouds falling Stupid like we're kids We're in rose-father lenses Let's just pay pretend We're in rose-father lenses We'll never have"
" I'm a love, I just love you She can't happen to you, I want to see you rollin' She can't happen that cold, and I'm a love, I just love you"
" Bitch I'm a big gangster. I turn around with that foreign love. KUKAIN I STAY AIN'T CLONE, HONDED UP, JUST HONDED UP!"
" That shit might fly in the city Good luck, try that in a small town See how far you make it down the road Around here we take care of our own You cross that Atlantic won't take long For you to find out I'll recommend you don't Try that in a small town full of good old boys"
" Plays my wail at the lake in town I can't remember anything We saved all we said it all It told me that you were I was somebody you never meant My baby, baby So I'm just telling me the same over here No anywhere That's my luck Kiss your name Thank you, girl See you for the time you tears Thanks, my girl The deck was free to feel Let's talk about"
" We're starting y'all, we're starting y'all We're shooting up baby, I was jacked up All the tunnels were in no sense, I was backed up When season loads, it goes home to a cactus In a black tomb"
" I'm so in love with you, the way you think you're talking to me You got me in the firehead I'm going to lie in love with you I want to see you every move I hope that you understand I'll take that to you The lonely you"
" It's gonna be a good day, a good bye Poetry that they don't post me to my ties Turn the music up on the old drive Make a little up in the sunshine It's gonna be a good day, a good time"
" Warn out places, worn out faces. Bright and early for the daily races. Going nowhere."
" I don't, I don't smoke but I'll go outside with you Baby it's kinda cold You can hold me if you want to No one I think is straight now"
" There's pregnant lady Smokin. Smokin, target."
I've nearly found my friend. That's what I found there. We go on. Yeah! Did you get the vape off of Amazon under the category Sweet Home Alabama?
I've got a lovely star with lovers I'll tell you I'm insane But I've got a blank space baby And I'll write your name
" So, ADHD and pregnancy worrying for real today. Super real. Let's find out why. Ah! Come! You can see what I was doing. A lower-da. Case damn myself."
You don't want to go to bed And say hello to me You're only in your arms baby And I love you boy I love you boy You don't want to leave me
" Text a man like dog, how that ball mass tastes, pay your rent! It's staying in your ball mass, please."
" I'll give you all of me, give me all of you I gotta go sometimes, but you're always on my mind See you distract me, but I'm distracted without you I don't know how to focus, baby, teach me how to Cause I'm standing still again Cause if you love me, just like the way that I love you I would remind a little comfort from you What do I let you in my ear?"
" I'm so mature, I'm so mature, hang on me in there If you tell me there's another man I know One night I just want you If I can't have you, no one should I mind I make you wise Doctor, best idea There's no confidence in love"
You're so busy when it comes to me now. You're so busy. I'm not busy.
" I get mad, zooled, I got this bad thing, I recouped My passion is a movie, I say fuck it cause I screwed it I stay on my list, I risk it, everywhere I come true"
" I love it when you call me I'm your guitar I wish I could fit in tight in the chat But every time she's Well, I love it's true I love love Oh, what's wrong?"
" I'm so excited! And I just can't hide it! I'm a vocalist for children, I think I like it! I'm so excited!"
 I'm over at Fog and Port's door bedroom I'll wait just a few more I'm packed up in the ceiling and the kitchen There's a nigga couple of kisses right Doing their dishes Who are the way I make them here Just to make myself here
" Keep on fade away, shock us, we ballin' this back-knop control That be coward, we'll love my mind, I'll use you just like the brown We'll show you the truth with all that goody cowards You spin my head right round, right round When you go down, when you go down now You scared me"
Walk in this bitch and I talk in this bitch Yeah! Talk to me! Talk to me! Talk to me! Yeah!
" You don't know how sick you make me You make me fucking sick, tomorrow make me"
" I said I also had a baby Yeah, if it's so good to be so young And have this fun and this successful But what about..."
" Man, child protective custody gonna have a ball with you. I must say, you're making this very too much easily."
" to beat in my head, JIM fell into mute he got users left in the room I want to live, see how I feel A player lives in the studio hard to bring back tonight"
