" Okay, so this is typically something I wouldn't post because I don't like to get on here and talk. But something that has been going across my 4u page the last few days is actually like bothering me a lot. People shaming other moms for still smoking or vaping while they're pregnant. I am on my second pregnancy. I'm about 14 weeks and I've vaved my whole first pregnancy with my daughter. I'm not saying that it's okay and I'm not justifying it. But it is a real addiction. Nictine is a real addiction. And just with anything else, it's not going to be easy to knock. I have been on other drugs and I'm completely sober from everything except from this vape. I cannot knock this thing like at all. But why are we shaming people for that? Like really?"
" y'all trying to justify vaping while pregnant is the weirdest thing to me and I will never understand it. NEVER understand it. I can kinda understand where you say quitting cold turkey could be dangerous. But like, that's not an excuse to date the whole nine months sweetie. No!"
" So when people brought up the fact that there was obviously that device in Kristen's lap while she was pregnant, she tried to claim that it was nicotine-free. And it's like, okay, that still doesn't take the formality hideout of it. There are tons of other chemicals in those things that are not good for the development of fetuses in utero besides the nicotine. And that was just her quick response excuse because people were asking about it. But then some people were trying to excuse it being like, oh, it's not good for her to quit cold turkey, and it's not good for the baby to have the mother inhaling anything. Like, those things are made with formaldehyde. But who knows, the whole changing her username to Mal-Se, while still being in the first trimester screams boy-mom vibes. And you know what I mean by that. Like, the girls who have boy-mom in their bios. The hard-changing her name in the first trimester too, Mama just gives that bag already. But even if it's nicotine-free, like she claims, it's not good for the fetus either way."
" If you are, let me show you this. And the sensitive moment that I was begging you. And that's an area of two, because you have a duty to your spouse. She's two months. I could say. If you're living together, like you're married. Thank you, then. And that kind of relationship."
" Okay, hi, yes, I'm replying to another comment again. So this one says is that a bay why are you vaping while you're pregnant? It's harder to stop vaping than people actually think it's not like you have just stopped a patch on and be like wow, I'm done vaping. It's really hard really hard but My mother, I don't know. I just listen to what she says. She said vaping can't really hurt the baby that bad but it could do something but since the baby's made it this far with the vaping it shouldn't end up hurting the baby and I've had family members smoke cigarettes drink alcohol do stuff that like these human members I don't mess with but they've done much worse stuff than just vaping while they're pregnant and their babies came on perfectly fine and they're a whole bunch of cuties but yeah"
I'm awful like the Memphis drama of this like that shit is very interesting But like I just want to know Cuz you're staying this girl's comments you're vaping and like in your pregnant But like are you all saying that to the moms who are pregnant and smoking cigarettes? Like I just want to know I know I
" So baby do it one, do it one, do it one You can go all over, oh, that's what you know better than once When you put your body on my neck, the eyes, the eyes, you can see what I'm supposed to do"
" I just woke up and everything that is going on, I'm sick, my voice sounds like shit. My hair is a mess because again I just rolled out of bed, but that's not the point. First off, yes, I am against Ford facing before the child maxed out their car seat. Always have been, always will be. Yeah, but I also don't vape. I assume that you thought this was a vape. It's mascara because even the most of the time I don't care what I like. Every once in a while, I do like to put on makeup. Yeah, I don't vape. I quit smoking whenever I was like five weeks pregnant, six weeks pregnant. I quit smoking like two weeks after I found out I was pregnant. And yeah."
" If you can't give up smoking with you for eight months, you should not get pregnant. If you are not prepared to change your entire life, forget for nine months. For your kid, you should not be having a kid, period."
" You know what they don't talk about their pregnancy? You're friggin' emotional. They talk about, oh you're so friggin' emotional. You get emotional over dumbest shit, okay? I'm not weeks pregnant. I can put vapin when I found out of pregnant. So all of our analysts from nicotine, but I'm not gonna do that. I'm not gonna do that. I just want some miscarriages, okay? Since it's cannabis? The thing is, it is not a pool-open situation. A rub. You have to use a can opener. If you don't know me in real life, I'm left handed. They do not mean for left handed people. And I'm struggling. And all I want is this asparagus."
" I think since I don't have a family or anything that I constantly need to address, then... I feel like I probably wouldn't have quit if I didn't have, I mean, when I got, the minute I got pregnant, like I got the plus sign, that was the day I quit. Oh. And then I started again after I had my son, not right away, but like... And were you hiding and doing it? No. No, I mean, I never would post, like there's, you'll be hard pressed to find, there's very few photos of me smoking online, but then one of my son was two, because I had my little smoking nook outside, and he came out, my son came, he learned how to open doors, you know? And he came out and was like, Mommy, Mommy, and he's like, what's that spell? And I just felt like such a loser. I was like, I can't, I can't be that mom. So I... Oh, I would hate that being that dad, which I smell, it's like, oh, it's cranberry lime crusher, or whatever."
" When did you realize that you should probably stop smoking? I think I'm gonna win this one. Uh-huh. What's the... I was heavily smoking back in November 2019. Halfway through the summer 2019 took a pregnancy test and I was like, oh shit, I'm pregnant. I went to the doctor thinking like, oh my god, ammonia couple weeks pregnant. No, I was eight weeks pregnant. I was like, oh my god, I'm gonna kill my baby. My baby's gonna come out with like, Down syndrome or some shit like, I'm freaking out of the doctor's office and the doctor's like, no, no, you're good. Just stop smoking. I was like, you ride about that. I felt so guilty. And I haven't smoked since, but I want to."
" My mom quit smoking six months into her pregnancy with me, but don't worry I googled it and really the worst thing that happened to us She is from cigarettes is that they come out underweight So I wasted I squandered my skinny ears being an infant a little baby walk with like bow legs. I have to turn that my goal weight is Smokervetus"
" So I did stop probably around eight months pregnant and then I went through the rest of the maybe seven. The rest of my pregnancy and I tried like I didn't use after I had it in for a while, but I'm an addict so it became again. And I'm like, oh no. He must have been like anywhere between six and eight weeks. So it really wasn't a long time. I remember wanting to be a good mom and I remember wanting to not use just the environment that I was in and having no self control or the willpower to not use in that environment overcame everything."
That's actually an amazing question because putting cold turkey actually can be extremely bad for you and your fetus because when you do quick cold turkey what ends up happening is you go through nicotine withdraws while you got a thing about if you're going through something like that you're gonna put more stress on your baby. So with my my first daughter who's 15 I actually did quick cold turkey. I had heard something that every time you took a hit of a cigarette their heart stopped and it freaked me out. Mind you I was like 18 and I was done. With my next child who is now four I actually spoke to my doctor and he told me just to gradually like lean off. So that's what I did and by the time I was about 15 weeks pregnant I was completely done smoking. With my next one who's two years old that actually made me sick to smoke so I was able to quit no issues no problem cold turkey.
" It's just a cigarette and it cannot be that bad Honey, don't you love me, I didn't know it makes me sad It's just a cigarette like you always used to do I was different than I don't mean them to be cool"
" I mean, when I got the minute I got pregnant, like I got the plus sign, that was the day I quit. And then I started again after I had my son, not right away, but like. Can we hiding and doing it? No, no. Fuck yeah. No, but I also think you were. No, I mean, I never would post, like there's, you'll be hard pressed to find. There's very few photos of me smoking online, but. Yeah. But then one of my son was two, because I had my little smoking nook outside. And he came out, my son came, he learned how to open doors, you know, and he came out and was like, Mommy, Mommy, and he's like, what's that spell? And I just felt like such a loser. I was like, I can't, I can't be that mom. So I yeah, oh, I would hate that being that day. What's that smile?"
" I told you at the beginning of the year I was prepping my body to have a baby. I'm not pregnant, don't freak out. But what you don't know and my mom's gonna text me killing me is I am addicted to vaping. And I think it's so trashy and so bad for you that it's actually embarrassing to me. So few people in my life know that I actually vape. My husband's only seen me vape three times in our entire relationship. That's how well I hide it. It's trashy, it's not good for you. And like I've been on this wellness journey and quitting. It's kind of like the last step. So I haven't vaped in seven days. Also just an update like working out five days a week, two days of rumble, walking. I'm just eating whole foods, not counting calories, just eating things that make me feel good. Doing a lot of strength training and making my back super strong. And I just feel like we're on a good path. I'd like to lose another 20, 30 pounds pre pregnancy. Just so I'm going in feeling as good and as strong as possible. But I'm not."
" I can swear I can joke I see what's on my mind If I drink, if I smoke I keep up with the guys And you see me holding up my middle fingers to the world"
" Well, I got the results of your ultrasound and I got some news for you. Wait, wait, wait, we don't want to know if it's a boy or a girl. Oh, okay. Well, it's not breathing."
" Did you smoke this morning? We don't bother me. Did you smoke this morning? Me? Yeah. La. No? Because Gary, Baba Buie, you know, he thought you smoke weed. He thought you smelled like weed. Me? No, I don't smoke weed. I mean, you know weed. I hate weed."
" I knew that when I posted that video I would get a lot of comments like this and that's fine I'm not saying in my video that if you smoke During your pregnancy, it's going to cause these things. It's a risk Right like most things in medicines. There's risks and benefits I also mentioned in the video that there are certain conditions where your doctor might prescribe Medicinal or might suggest this or that because it's not gonna be black and white medicine is not like that It's great areas. It's difficult things to treat So because in your personal experience your baby was not growth restricted It does not mean that someone else can have a different outcome and a different experience So to kind of make that blanket statement is also not right because we all Are very different human beings and we'll have very different experiences and very different outcomes. So keep that in mind"
" vaping in front of our newborn child. What is that? Why are you all about business? You're literally laying in bed right now. No, but don't say about what you do. You need to lose that. No, no, no, no, no, no. That will hurt you in so many different ways. Put that away. Why does it matter now? No, stop doing that, especially in here with Giddy. Jay, get away from him. No, absolutely not. No, no, no, Jay. No, get away from him. I'm talking about you. You can see him when you're being responsible. That's being completely irresponsible. Okay, yeah, I'm also smoking around him. You're literally blowing yourself up like a balloon. No, absolutely not."
" Listen, Sally just woke up from the nap. He's a little bit of a mess. Mommy's a little bit of a mess, but that's okay. All I'm here to tell you is that what goes around comes around. I was smoking the bait for a lot of years before I had Sally. I found out I was pregnant with Sally and I quit. I quit. I stopped. Whatever. He's one now. My friend comes from a different started from Srihaaswan and then my mom has one. And I sometimes, you know, I've been doing it. I've been doing it. I've been hitting the vape. I've been hitting the vape. I've not got my period since I breastfeed. I haven't had my period in like two years. I start them the vape and guess what? I go and what do I see? Just a little. That's karma. That's ridiculous."
" This sim hit the vape wall pregnant. Girl are you vaping wall pregnant? A yo! A yo not she's hitting the vape wall pregnant. You couldn't wait, no, for real, Jail. You couldn't wait three days until that baby came out?"
" Would you give a cigarette to your unborn child? You do every time you smoke by a pregnant. Pregnant mothers, please, don't smoke."
" Did you start smoking? I was about 14. How old do you now? 74. You still smoke? No. When did you quit? 18 and a half years ago. When one of my sons got married and his wife taught me she was pregnant, I stopped that day. I went to be a romantic white ranker for a while. Would you like a cup of your drink or anything? No, thank you so much. Okay guys."
" I am also happy that you quit smoking once you knew that you were pregnant because if not, then your daughter would have been like myself unhealthy, unhappy, and ugly as fuck with cheese greater ears and nobody wants a fetus grown out of their head."
" A lot of people are shocked when they find out that I was a smoker. I was smoking probably from the age of 15. I stopped when I found out I was pregnant with you. I picked it back up again after you were like six months old or something like that. And then I finally quit just a couple of years before I had déjà. Really? Yeah, I was a smoker for a really long time. See, I can't even remember any memories of you smoking. Well, I never smoked in front of you. But I went through a lot of stages where I would try to quit. And I finally got to a point and I remember this. You were inside with dad and I was out in the back yard and I was having a cigarette and I was on the phone to one of my friends and he was like, what are you doing? And I was like, I'm just having a cigarette. And he's like, when are you going to quit? And I was like, I don't know why. And he's like, well, do you want to see Tisha's kids? And I was like, brah. And that was my last cigarette. Wow."
" Everyone tells you about your sense of smell when you're pregnant, but nobody warns you about your sense of smell when you quit smolting cigarettes. Like why didn't anyone tell me that I couldn't smell anything? Maybe I would have quit a little sooner? Because clearly $15 a pack wasn't enough for me."
" So unless you know me in person, you actually don't know this fact about me. I am a smoker and I have been a smoker since I was like 15, 16 years old. I did quit cold turkey when I was pregnant with my daughter, but I started to stack up like right after she was born, which is so stupid, but a lot of life stressors play the fact into that. I have quit cold turkey again almost three days ago. I'm on the patch and like it helps a little bit with the cravings, but I feel like I'm having an anxiety attack 24-7. My body is shaking, my chest hurts, and my back hurts. So if you quit cold turkey and you are successful, can you please like give me some advice because I have to make this work because I cannot be a smoker and be pregnant. Like I just can't. I'm doing all of this stuff with a doctor to have a baby and being a smoker just like to feed the purpose. So any advice is welcome."
" It's hard. It is. It's hard. And I think since I don't have a family or anything that I constantly need to address, then... I feel like I probably wouldn't have quit if I didn't have... Really? Yeah. I mean, when I got the minute I got pregnant, like I got the plus sign, that was the day I quit. Oh. And then I started again after I had my son, not right away, but like... Can we hiding and doing it? No. No. Fuck yeah. But I think it's also that you were. No. No, I mean, I never would post... Like, there's... You'll be hard pressed to find... There's very few photos of me smoking online, but... Yeah. But then one of my son was two... Because I had my little smoking nook outside. And he came out... My son came... He learned how to open doors, you know? And he came out and was like, Mommy, Mommy! And he's like, what's that smell? And I just felt like such a loser. I was like, I can't... I can't be that mom. So I... Oh, I would hate that being that dad, which I smell. It's like, oh, it's cranberry lime crush or whatever. Is that your flavor? Ice or whatever. Yeah, whatever. No, I..."
" Hey girls, I don't know if you were asking me or the other commenter, but as far as how much I consumed, when I was pregnant, I consumed every two hours when I was pregnant. And I can't even say that was less because it wasn't like I consumed every two hours on the top when I was pregnant. Sometimes more depending on how I was, but yeah, I was definitely every two hours and that's what I did throughout my whole pregnancy with all four."
But still stays when the sheets are washed Sex don't sleep when the lights are off Kids are still depressed when you dress the lamp We'll see you up in this city cup
" What helped you quit smoking? Dying at 40, I dated someone who disliked it. They didn't tell me to quit, but wanted me to do things like not bring the smell inside, etc. I quit because I wanted to please them, getting pregnant. And never went back after baby. I think carrying and having a child changed my whole outlook on smoking and I don't even think about it anymore. Well, butrenbuperaprian. I highly suggest this. It gave me permanent taste aversion to cigarettes."
" Day 2 June 1st, Happy 5th birthday, baby boy. No cigarettes for mommy. Maybe if I quit smoking now, I won't sound like that one. 50. Even though he's 5 today. He's got a little cold. But Happy Birthday, baby boy. 5 years old today. Mama's so proud."
for you vapors. So new study came out that said that vapes are safe for pregnant women. You just have to be really careful how you inserve it.
" I was chilling in my jacuzzi one day when I thought, hmm, under what my mom would look like if she was an ABG So I embarked on a journey to the fridge where I found a college photo of her Googleed ABG What? Googleed Asian baby girl, that's better and went to work Where is my job?"
" One thing I want to talk about about this pregnancy compared to my osteoporgyncy is how quitting raping is so much harder for me this pregnancy. Like, I don't know why it's just so much fucking harder. Like, I've stopped now and everything's stopped for a little bit, but it definitely was a lot harder to stop at the beginning, you know? And I still crave it like a lot. Like, don't get me wrong, but it's just weird because my first pregnancy is actually like after a week and I was like, I don't care. Bye, but I feel like because now like I have a kid and I'm just so much more stressed and I've used that as like a stress reliever. It's just made it so much harder. And I want to be just like raw and real with you guys. So that's why I'm kind of even like making this video because I was debating on even mentioning it, but honestly fuck it."
" I've been dating my girlfriend for six months. She's pregnant, but she won't quit vaping. And I've tried to talk to her about it. She's super moody and then like watch her on a house take really long hits on her paper. I'm like, well, this isn't going well, you know? She's already got a kid and she smokes cigarettes all through that pregnant place. He's eight and he seems pretty fine. But you know, it's a very, it's almost just, I don't know, how do I get to school with vaping with my kid in cider? This is one of those things you got to be proactive about. It's not how do I get my girlfriend to stop vaping when pregnant. It's like, how do I not get a dumb bitch that won't stop vaping pregnant? She's pregnant. She thinks she's done an upgrade because she's a smoke cigarette. Yeah, yeah. This is fine. No. The next one I won't smoke at all. This I got to, I got to pace myself. Exactly. Yeah, you're pretty much fucked here. I don't know. I don't know what to tell you."
I remember a couple weeks ago I walked in to work and told my coworker that I was like X amount of day sober and she was like me too. I'm like 21 day sober and I haven't vaped in 21 days and I was like no shit good for you. Was that like something you were thinking about for a while or was it pretty spontaneous? She was like I'm actually pregnant and I was like pfft. But then I got me thinking I could be pregnant too. But not like that like in the sense that I'm birthing a new version of me that I have to nurture and take care of and that's the dumbest thing I've ever said. But I don't know it's helping me. I'm like I'm birthing a new and improved version of me. So I can't drink I can't smoke.
" I'm not trying to be like, ruin or anything, but like, and pretty sure it's common sense I wouldn't be smoking while I'm pregnant. It's a flashlight. Also, I don't smoke either. I like my lungs so... and I'm not even 21."
" I remember the school and she just in the background And she said, I was there I could be at the school kids Cause all the school kids they see in the field I was there I could be at the school kids At the school kids But I don't know I don't know"
" Sometimes this makes you feel more sick of your sick days, but the heart of your health just goes out in my dreams!"
" Well, I got the results of your ultrasound and I got some news for you. Wait, wait, wait! We don't want to know if it's a boy or a girl. Oh, okay. Well, it's not breathing."
" Y'all pissed me the fuck off sometimes, okay? Ain't no way in hell I have seen so many women in their third second trimester of pregnancy vaping. What the fuck is wrong with y'all? You really think because it's not a cigarette that it's okay? Oh my doctor said the withdrawals would be worse. You're in your third trimester. You're in your halfway through your second trimester. Maybe the first trimester, okay? You find out late, maybe some of the second one. If you really found out super late you were pregnant. But you have enough time to wean the fuck off. Therefore your withdraws won't be as bad. Therefore you can fucking stop. CPS, CPS, jail time, electric chair, death penalty. Some of y'all should literally have to take a fucking IQ test before you leave the fucking hospital with that baby. Both of my fucking kids, as soon as I fucking found out I was pregnant, I stopped immediately. Vaves were the thing really when I got pregnant with my first one in 2014. I was 19 when I got pregnant, 20 when I had them technically a teenager and I stopped because of the guilt. But the fuck is wrong with you."
" There was obviously that device in Kristen's lap. Telling from a mom who has had two kids. Um, yeah. There's a lot of things you're not supposed to eat. Drink. You can't dye your hair. Well pregnant. Hand-dried caffeine. You can't eat a lot of the seafood. Because I have a lot of mercury in it. I mean, the list goes on and on. There are a lot of bad things that are supposedly for the baby. I don't think Kristen would ever put something in her body that would be bad for her baby. I'm sorry. And she was already addicted to that. So doctors tell you to slowly lean yourself off so that it doesn't hurt the baby in the long run. Like if you're addicted to nicotine or whatever case may be. Leave the girl alone. It's ridiculous."
" The money I would pay to get my husband to stop vaping, I'm so fucking sick and tired of it. We're out of date, shop right now so you can get more juice. And if it's what he needs, he wants to do sure. But you know what? I am so tired of like hearing it and just smelling it. And I don't know if it's because I'm pregnant right now, maybe it's just bothering you more. But it is the most annoying fucking habit. Like it is comparable to smoking cigarettes. Yeah, it might smell better. It's not any better. Drop all the comments to get my husband to stop vaping. Because what I say is it enough."
" You're deciding for two. What two do? And what not to do. The choices you make now, we'll stick with them for a lifetime. You wouldn't do any of these things well pregnant. So why vape? When you vape or inhale vape second hand while pregnant, you're exposing them to harmful chemicals. Decide for two. No vaping."
" Alright mom, so you would answer these like what is hypotheticals? Okay, so like what would you do? So what would you do if we got a seat or lower in a class? Happy okay Happy what would you do? What I wouldn't do anything. What could I do? What if we snuck out to a party I don't want to go with you What if we got our carto but it was $900 This one did get our carto. It was at $900 But it was five or six. Well, you have to pay it because I need the car But our friends Skips class and you found out from our principal at the principal called you Well, hopefully you would have told me about it. And if you didn't you'd be a big trouble Yeah, what would you do? Oh, you knew I Find you on my phone What if he's like a boy in and had a sleepover? Hmm, I don't know. I don't think I would like that very much. So you would have locks on your windows Sneak in through the door What if we turn off our location? It takes you I'm working through a party without you in town. You did that what if we didn't tell you We have cameras so I'd find out What would you do with us on every trip? I guess What if we got like super big piercings and tattoos That tell you oh God well, I'm there. What can I do? They're there What if you found out we were smoking or vaping? Well, thought I wouldn't like very much, but there's nothing I can do about it. I probably talked to you about it And what if we're pregnant right now? I be a gruel No, really girls use protection"
" Another medical fact, the medical method for post-rounding resuscitation used to be a tobacco smoke enema. God, Dr. Gibraus thought she was losing an appendix but ended up gaining a baby. Your high school friend didn't know she was pregnant until she went to the ER. Oh my God. As a parent, it's hard to, like, I feel like it'd be hard to like process that. Like as that teenager's parent, to be like, all right. I also didn't notice you were pregnant. Like, this is also on me."
" Now when I heard this man was going to defend his girl, I was kind of surprised by after what he said, shocked the world. The man was better off being silent. Blue faced the fence Christiana and Ruff are smoking while being pregnant. I was like how could you possibly defend someone that's smoking while she's pregnant? Holding someone's baby that you claim is yours. Well ladies and gentlemen, apparently women smoke weed until their last trymaster. There's no effect but don't shoot the messenger. We're all the baby mommas now."
Something is wrong. The world is not healing. Why am I seeing pregnant mothers smoking a cigarette with no shame in public? Why am I seeing couples smoking a bloods while pushing their baby in a stroller? These things are wrong. We all know they're wrong. Why are we trying to normalize them? The fucking children Give the children a shot. You really want a baby with asthma? That's what I got. I used to work with this one girl. She was like five months pregnant. Would hit that vape every fucking second to the hour without fail. That's what I got. I feel like I'm going fucking crazy because I see this shit so often now. It's like I The last time I touched is there an article I should read like is it okay now? Do we just not give a fuck?
" What was it like sort of taking the motherhood role in this film, you know, putting on the baby bump that sort of like, you know, doing that? It's always really funny to do that. It's really fun. Especially when you, when you like have a baby bump and then pretend to smoke a cigarette or like drink a beer or something, you know."
" And you decide to become a mother. You're I still decide to be me. You're this but you're deciding to deal with the changes that come with it, right? Yo, do you drink? Yes. Do you smoke? Yes. Did you do that while you're pregnant? What my son? Unfortunately, I didn't find out. I was like six months."
" So everything got paid for She made sure you and your brother have way more Then she ever had growing up But when you told me the whole story I felt like don't enough I could see it on your face, it was rough Left a bad taste on your tongue And she didn't even take any drugs She would reign all day Couldn't wait for her son to shine And you made a shine There when she cried You saved her life"
" Yesterday we went to go watch the Barbie movie, but honestly the thing that surprised me the most was the theater we went to go watch it in because I was not expecting something this nice. Not only was the theater bougie looking, they had a different menu than I'd seen at any other movie theater. The only downside is they are Pepsi and not Coke, but whatever. I felt like I was going to a really fancy laser tag. I don't that's the only way I can explain it. The X-Roll downers talking about drinking while you're pregnant, vaping and like all this other stuff. I did not expect to have an existential crisis at the Barbie movie, but it's okay. And look how cute this couple is, like oh my gosh. My favorite thing was probably seeing all the girls coming in pink. I obviously didn't get the memo."
" Well, I got the results of your ultrasound and I got some news for you. Wait, wait, wait, we don't want to know if it's a boy or a girl. Oh, okay. Well, it's not breathing."
" Okay, so it's kind of a complicated story, so I'm gonna have to talk really fast. So I'm very sorry about that so I have for legal reasons I was smoking cigarettes and chewing as an adult so I've been doing it for a long time and Memorial Day of 2020 I decided to take my birth control out. We decided to start trying for a baby and then it took up until July to conceive the baby, but about five, six weeks before we actually conceived. I noticed like my lungs started right out. Like if you smoke for a long time, you kind of feel a little weasy a little bit so I decided to take a break and I just supposed to be only a temporary break and then I found out it was pregnant. I don't know how to help, I really don't. I did try other methods like lowering my nicotine or limiting how much I could have or certain locations that I could or could not vapor smoke. So yeah"
I will never not be able to see this comment right here every time I look at this bag. But I imagine being a cigarette smoker. I'm not a cigarette smoker and I'm currently pregnant so I can't be doing nothing anyways. But I imagine pulling a Virginia slam out of this thing. I'll definitely be thinking about my granny in her cigarette pouch every time I look at this from now on. Is it weird that I like it even more now?
You been smoking? Yes. You brought me to get rex's. I smoke every Thursday. I need it. I need it. You're not smoking.
" Ah, it's like I'm back and my mother's womb. Only there's food here. Ah, those e-sicks are so stupid. I mean, smoking real cigarettes kills you. If it's smoking fake ones, makes me want to kill you. They're not smoking their vision. Uh, you just pass it to her. Someone's got a fake face. I just figured out the new phone. That's got to figure out how to smoke. If I wanted to learn everything all over again, I would have had a screw. Hey guys, sorry, but you're not allowed to do that in here. And I'm not talking about your office. I'll get to the door and bring a check. Relax, it's not a cigarette. It has a battery. Yeah, someone's my high-rater, but... Can't use that in here either. I did the prove that rule."
" Let's go ahead and address this since there was 71 likes on it. First and foremost, obviously I posted videos of my daughter, one daughter, one singular baby. Obviously not pregnant. All my videos that you've seen in my body, I'm obviously not showing. Yeah, I guess you're right. Okay, well maybe she's not showing yet. But no, I'm not pregnant. So before you go and give un-solicited advice and look stupid as fuck, maybe you should do your research sis. Because you're growing pregnant, she is a mom to a beautiful seven-month-old daughter though. And if I want to vape when she's not around, I can. And I will. So have a happy fucking Thanksgiving."
Now you want to know what's crazy? Not the puffbives want a pregnant but the fact that there is about 65 pregnant women out there right now will put a glass pipe to them out and we'll put needles in the arms while they're pregnant. Where are you sniff lines of coke? That is what's crazy.
" Hey, man, I found him. I found him. I found him. I smell his injury. Dude, I love to see you while I'm pregnant. Maybe I should start. Nope."
" A woman proudly claims she used to smoke weed during her pregnancy. And when the baby was finally born, she didn't know whether the baby was high or a downsy."
gives SantaVal a shot and she takes a shot too. I don't know what it is. It looks like hard liquor and she basically is drunken alcohol. So if she was pregnant then maybe she would not be drinking but also maybe she was not pregnant at that exact moment in time or she did not know about her pregnancy at that exact moment in time. And then also the fact that she also was captured by paparazzi outside the filming of the reunion with Tom SantaVal. You know when they were wearing those black incognito outfits they matched and they were wearing black and they look like super villas. That basically that time they were both caught like she was caught vaping and he was caught smoking a cigarette.
" Oh, it feels like a fried dog. I really just be sitting there in my own home. She is just so walking. Oh, I'm a little scared. Can you help me? That swear is like as soon as I just woke my baby up, my boobs start leaking. It knows whenever she's woke or something. I need a wire. It was pumped. Oh, I knew it. But anyways, back to the hyper-animated. Immuses can't run away. It's a bit of an accident. If I watch my last video, he did research already. I just got to find them. I love them. I'm seeing why I said they told me I shouldn't. That's being my baby, but I'm doing it anyway. I'm producing a whole lot of cat milk. And it's my butt. And to be honest, she's just healthy. Like they say, so I'm going to continue to where I spend my baby."
Be mails drinking smoke they whole pregnancy and wonder why the kid keep on crying. You need a cigarette. You need that white hymn. The handle.
" Um, I'm sorry, but there's just something about a 1314 year old kid selling his cigarettes. I don't sit right with my soul. He's a baby like his balls haven't even dropped it. You can tell in his little baby voice."
" Do you guys think I'm fast pregnant? I'd be able to hold it in this long? Do you guys would know? I don't know how you guys would know, but you guys would know. You guys know everything. Serious. I'd be scared. I'd have to say the first day I found out, like actually, because you guys would know. You're in my way."
" Check right it y'all I'm gonna be honest with you. I don't even have the app and everyone they always say like oh you check it No, I deleted it, but there are people that do message me like oh my god and semi shit Like the whole thing from chick play that was sent from me from Marissa. I didn't know anything about it I really don't have the app But people send me stuff Oh I'm holding my phone like this because I cannot stand it up"
" Well hey there all YouTube back of farmers and all of you to back of companies. I regret to inform you that I will no longer be supporting you because as of November 2nd I have become a non-spoker. My daughter is pregnant and she's about to have a baby in less than four weeks and she said if I want to take care of my grandson and my home that I had to become a non-spoker because she didn't want her son's smell like smoke. So I have quit smoking, yes I have given it up and I am so happy because I have been smokers since I was 13 years old and I am 54. I'm a sexy yesterday, before don't you think I'm going to be a sexy grandma. Mm-hmm, me, me, he's in the house. Well me and my little butterbeam because I call him butterbeam because he looked like a little butterbeam on his first ultrasound. Well butterbeam and I will be going on some adventures and I will share some of them here with you but I am going to be a non-spoken Mimi. Aren't you all proud of me? I am."
" Some of my parents felt me in every way possible because of this. First of all, I didn't stop smoking Nick when I was 14 or 15 because I didn't even smoke. Nick when I was 14 or 15. Me getting pregnant at 14, my parents obviously didn't know I was having sex when I was 14. A lot of people lose their virginity as teenagers and their parents don't know because we don't really hide with my parents. And what does my boyfriend's actions have to do with my parents? And if you want to say they also feel me but I'm going to get pregnant again at 17 because people say that. Me and Jordan lived at our own apartment with our daughter so we didn't live with any of my parents. So what exactly are we supposed to do? Like come over and be like don't sleep in the same bed, sleep in a living room. No, so I can't blame my actions or my choices or whatever on my parents because it wasn't their fault."
