" I let this question sit for a while because I think it could be a hot topic maybe for some. And the first thing that I want to say is it's really hard to find data on most anything in pregnancy because many people don't want to study things on those who are pregnant or on those who are breastfeeding because it affects babies. And they don't want to take the risks associated with having to do a study. The other piece to this is it depends on what you're vaping. There's lots of things that go into vaping and some of those things may be more harmful than others. Do you know about nicotine so whether that's vaping or smoking cigarettes is that it enters the bloodstream through the mother's lungs and then passes pretty easily into breast milk. The biggest issue that we see is with babies sleep patterns it can affect their rest. Now we all know babies don't sleep that well. But when babies are waking for biological reasons like keeping themselves alive that's actually why babies wake up a lot in order to stir up their system and remind them to breathe and they're hard to pump. When something outside of biological reasons is doing it, we see increased risks in things like issues with blood sugar or issues with thyroid, diabetes in the future. And so there are some added health risks when we affect baby sleep patterns with outside stuff. Will vaping affect your breast milk supply more than likely not? So if that's a question, it probably won't affect your supply at all. Another piece of data is that nicotine has a half life of about 90 minutes. Half life means the time that it takes your bloodstream to get rid of it. So if you were going to nurse or pump and then either smoke or vape right after that feed it would probably be out of your system by the next feed or pump. While vaping is safer than smoking regular cigarettes, the recommendation is to not do either when pregnant or breastfeeding."
" Okay, so can you smoke and breastfeed? So the answer is yes, smokers can breastfeed. I first want to start off by saying, I think that smoking is terrible and I really don't recommend that anyone smoke. But I also recognize that it's an addiction and people do smoke while they're pregnant and while they're breastfeeding. So if you're unable to quit, please know that you can breastfeed your baby and I encourage you to breastfeed your baby. I'll tell you why it's a great idea to continue breastfeeding if you are a smoker. Because that infants that are in homes with smokers have an increased risk of scissor and infant death syndrome. But by breastfeeding, you actually will decrease this risk for the infant. Other things to note, if you are a smoker on breastfeeding, you may have a decreased milk production because smoking will decrease the blood flow to the breast tissue. You also may be slightly decreasing amount of fat in the breast milk, but I wouldn't worry too much about that. You want to try to smoke after you feed, not before feeding, just to reduce the exposure of the smoke being on your clothing and et cetera. And if you're willing to try to quit, highly recommend a nicotine replacement. That would be those patches or gums, things like that are safe or breastfeeding. I hope this was helpful."
" but nicotine is a vasoconstrictor and that's how it damages. So a vasoconstrictor means that you're constricting blood vessels and the placenta is a big blood vessel so that constriction leads to a decreased blood flow to the baby. In addition, because you were breathing for two and you're not getting as much oxygen because of the smoke that's in your lungs, you're also hurting the baby this way. This can lead to an increased risk of preterm labor and smaller babies. Don't forget to subscribe, like and share for more."
" Vaping during pregnancy, let's talk about it. Hey guys, it's Dr. Tash, your Brevley Hills doc on TikTok. In addition to my medical degree, I also have a master's in physiology and biophysics. Hopefully that will make you feel a little bit more comfortable with regards to some of the facts that I will present you on this topic. And I will be bringing a little tidd bits of information on a daily basis because this is an extensive dense topic. A lot of vaping apparatus do contain nicotine. For example, the jewel. The nicotine has been proven to cross the pacenta is found in the amniotic fluid, also in the breast milk, which is given to the children during lactation. A lot of the effects are also beyond asthma and RSVAs will commonly be seen during cigarette smoking. And they go into infertility, diabetes, hypertension, and neurological defects that are seen long-term. So a lot of people said, my kid is okay. Yeah, but what about 40 years from now? We're going to talk about this."
" is vaping safe during pregnancy? The short answer is no, and here's why. Most vapes contain nicotine, which can permanently damage a developing baby's brain and lungs. This is why CDC, Mayo Clinic, and other sources declare them unsafe to be used during pregnancy. Even the nicotine-free vapes are not safe to use because they contain other chemicals that may harm you and your developing baby. And although currently there's not enough research to determine the side effects of vaping on the fetus, you should know that it took decades of research to determine the side effects of tobacco smoking during pregnancy."
" Is it safe to vape in pregnancy? Let's be clear, anything's set up in smoking cigarettes during pregnancy. In an effort to give up, many people have turned to vaping or e-sigarettes and you might be wondering if it's safe to continue with these cigarette replacements during pregnancy. First of all, we've got to consider. We're finding out more and more that vaping is not as safe as we first thought and that's a non-pregnant adult. We know it's highly addictive and the substances in the vape can be unregulated causing severe and permanent damage to the lungs over time. If you're a parent who vapes, when you've got young children in your home, they're also exposed to this smoke, which is just not a good idea. Now, thinking specifically about vaping and pregnancy, firstly, there's the nicotine. This is highly addictive and across the central barrier. So, prenatal nicotine exposure has been shown to be linked to low-birth weight, pre-tembert, and developmental issues because it can harm the structure and the function of the fetal brain. Then there's the chemicals. The aerosols contain a mixture of harmful chemicals, including formaldehyde, which can be inhaled by the pregnant person, partially developing fetus, which could affect lung and the cardiovascular system. So, my answer I'm afraid is no, it's not safe to vaping pregnancy. And if you need help stopping, then definitely reach out to your midwife, your doctor, to find a safeable turnsips."
" Hi, so I've just come on to do a quick video in regards to vaping due to impregnancy. I was left quite a re-comment on one of my videos in regards to the fact that I have vaping and I am 3 months pregnant. I am going off midwife advice. I have completely stopped smoking since finding out I was pregnant and I am using nicotine patches and vapes to curvy craving which is safe. It is the carbon monoxide in real cigarettes that is harmful to the baby so the nicotine does not have an active effect on the baby at all. And when somebody has tried for almost 8 years with this baby and then getting rude comments. To be made to feel like a failure then please just not leave any rude comments at all. Just sort of educate yourself. This has come from midwife advice so I am doing right."
" My mom was smoking cigarettes, most of her pregnancy with me, but turns out the biggest side effect is that your baby comes out underweight. I wasted my skinny years on being an vet. Turns out my goal weight is smoke or fetus."
" Smoking during pregnancy, a lot of women who smoke have these questions. Is it okay to smoke during pregnancy? Does it affect the baby? Well, here's the answer. Women who smoke have more difficulty becoming pregnant, and it can also lead to infertility. Smoking during pregnancy can cause tissue damage in the unborn baby, particularly in the lung and brain. Tobacco is also related to miscarriage. Carburebon oxide in tobacco smoke can keep the developing baby from getting enough oxygen. Tobacco smoke also contains other chemicals that can harm unborn babies. Others who smoke are more likely to deliver their babies early. One, in every five babies born to mothers who smoke during pregnancy has low birth weight, which can lead to health problems. Give me a few, or someone you know wants to seek help."
" I was tagged by this person right here on a video that said or the account said that quitting smoking and pregnancy can lead to miscarriage. Let's talk about it. But let's get to the punchline. That is absolutely not true. Quitting, smoking and pregnancy will only benefit your pregnancy. It does not lead to miscarriage at any point in the pregnancy. Although quitting smoking earlier in pregnancy as early in pregnancy as possible will be the best for the pregnant individual and the fetus. If you quit smoking at any point in pregnancy that will be beneficial to the pregnancy as well and the fetus. In this video they also talk about how they're reducing the number of cigarettes smoked. But unfortunately reducing instead of cessation which means stopping completely has not shown in to improve the perinatal outcomes. Smoking is smoking unfortunately and the best thing to do is just stop. The best thing to do is just to stop smoking."
" So how much does vaping actually hurt your fertility? Vaping was originally started in Australia as a way to help people to stop smoking. There's some misinformation that some vape pens are healthier than others and they research this doesn't support that. Regardless of what you've heard, all vape products have been shown to disrupt your hormones. There are some rumors that some vape products are healthier than others and the reality is that all vape products have been shown to seriously disrupt your hormones, your reproductive organs, and can really affect the morphology of this firm, which is the DNA of this firm. In fact, smoking and vaping are probably some of the worst things that you can do for sperm. They've also been shown to have heavy metals like lead and mercury, which you really want to avoid. Be careful when you're using omegas because they can also be contaminated with this as well. Y'all, these solvents that they use in vape products are the same things that they use to make paints to first. It's really serious. I know it looks really benign to just like take a puff off of vape pens, but it actually can have serious consequences for your health, your fertility, and your sperm. It's kind of one of those things that you know is probably not a good idea, but when you look at the data showing especially that it decrees the viability of the sperm by almost 30%, that it's something you completely want to stop or avoid doing if you're on a fertility journey. Now, if you have any questions, ask them in the comments. Follow along if you want to learn more about all of the underlying factors that might be impacting your ability to get and stay pregnant and as always, join my live every single day."
" Is marijuana safe in pregnancy? A new study in PLOS-1 of 1.28 million Canadian people from 2012 to 2019 found that people who smoke marijuana in pregnancy were more likely to give birth to babies who were preterm, had a lower birth weight, and had a higher rate of birth effects. And medicine is never dictation but a discussion, but the American College of Obstetricians of Ganycologists does recommend staying away from marijuana both during pregnancy as well as in breastfeeding."
" I want to know what you all think about THC use and pregnancy. This is a great question because she makes a lot of great points that marijuana is being legalized in a lot of places and there's not a lot of great data on marijuana and pregnancy. But there are a few things that we do know, so let's talk about it. Number one, THC is a small molecule and does cross the placenta, so babies are exposed to it. Number two, the fetal brain starts expressing cannaboeid receptors as early as 14 weeks, so there may be a purpose in neural development. Number three, marijuana and pregnancy is really hard to study because there's lots of confounding factors, so there has been some mixed results. One of the larger newer studies have shown an increased risk of preterm birth, low birth weight, and new and newndal death. One study even showed an increased risk of GI abnormalities. Bottom line, the American College of OBGYN recognizes that there's not a whole lot of data, but they still recommend against it."
" This can cause birth defects and even be fatal to your baby. According to this meta-analysis, pregnant women who were exposed to second-hand smoke were 23% more likely to experience stillbirth and 13% more likely to have a child with birth defects. Besides that, another meta-analysis found that past smoke and due pregnancies associated with an increased risk of neural tube defects, which are basically defects of the brain, spine, or the spinal cord. Finally, this meta-analysis found a positive association between pre and post-niddle second-hand smoke exposure and the occurrence of childhood asthma, asthma-like syndrome and wheezing."
I've been asked to post again about the effects of second hand and third hand smoke from vape pens on babies and it's as dangerous as it is for cigarettes and other tobacco products. The problem when we're vaping around babies is that it doesn't smell toxic so we forget that it is extremely toxic. That your babies being exposed to second hand smoke when you smoke in the close proximity to them and if you don't smoke around them but you come in after vaping and you hold their hands you cover them close you hug them it's all over your skin and your clothes. So you are exposing your baby to those toxins and I know you don't mean to and I know you're not trying to hurt your child unfortunately you are and that's the problem. So you may not want to quit but I strongly encourage you to at the very least bathe and wash your hands and change your clothes before you snuggle in.
" What's so bad about vaping while pregnant? Most vapes contain nicotine. Nicotine may cause your baby to be born early or even stillborn. Get help quitting with nine free coaching calls from Quitline, Iowa. Quit vaping for you and your baby."
" Here's the tea about egg freezing and vaping. Mythr-fact. Vaping doesn't affect your fertility. Unfortunately, that's wrong. Studies show that it can impact reproductive health, affecting the egg quantity and quality. So, how does vaping affect egg freezing? It's a bit murky, but lower quality egg and potential DNA damage could impact pregnancy success. If you're thinking about freezing your eggs, we suggest speaking to a fertility specialist. They'll help you make informed choices."
Can you identify that you're pregnant? Today I'm going to talk to you about how pregnancy can affect your gum health. During your pregnancy some women may find that their gums feel a little bit sensitive. They may notice some bleeding and that is caused by a change in hormones. Now what happens is your body is basically becoming hypersensitive to the presence of plaque. All you need to do in this situation is just make sure that you have a really good oral hygiene routine that includes brushing twice a day and also cleaning in between the teeth with either floss or interdental brushes. Now if you notice bleeding try not to be put off but actually keep going and keep cleaning. What you should notice is after a few days that bleeding starts to settle down. If you're not getting an improvement after a week or two then it would be best to come and see a dental hygienist who can provide you with a clean as well as tailored oral hygiene. After the baby has been born you should find that your gum start to go back to normal.
" If the evidence was that clear, we would know it. Just saying. Like because we- I feel like we just need a little bit of common sense in this discussion. Let's ignore the research on THC impregnancy because the truth is it is difficult to conduct this research. And let's just start with a minimal amount of facts. Number one, we know that THC crosses the placenta and gets into baby's bloodstream. Okay? Number two, we know that once in baby's bloodstream that it then gets into the brain, it crosses what we call the blood brain barrier. Not all substances do that. THC does. Now, I want you to think about your own experiences with THC. Oh, just- I'll just share mine. I think the one word that I could use to summarize is the effect of THC on my brain is it just makes my thought processes a little bit slower. I'm just a little stupider. Just a little, you know? So we've got a developing brain. And THC gets into that developing brain and we know how it impacts us as adults. What do you think? What do you think? I'll leave it up to you."
" a great idea to quit smoking before you get pregnant, but if you are pregnant and find that you are still smoking, now is a great time to stop. Smoking has been linked to vaginal bleeding, preterm birth, small for gestational age infants, as well as stillbirth and sudden infant death syndrome. Smoking quitting smoking is the number one thing you could do for your health and your baby's health. Another really important thing to avoid is alcohol. Unfortunately, there is no known safe amount of alcohol consumption in pregnancy, and we know that alcohol is related to fetal alcohol syndrome, which has related deficits in development, learning, and behavioral issues later in life."
" Can you use NAT during pregnancy and breastfeeding? Yes you can. I'd do it if you were trying to quit smoking, you want to do it without the idea of ending nicotine. But if for any reasons that is not possible, NAT is safe for you to use whilst pregnant and breastfeeding. Always check with you by Dr. Nurse Health Visitor. So, NAT is considered a lot safer than actually smoking. If you are pregnant, then stopping smoking is the single biggest thing that you can do. Improve the health of you and your baby."
" The seven things that you need to avoid to improve your fertility number one is smoking. Women are men who smoke have a much lower chance of conception, so quit it now. Alcohol consumption, I know many of you think that having two glasses of alcohol in a day is okay, but I say you need to have two in a week. Less is more in this situation. Caffeine, having no more than 200 milligrams or two cups of coffee in a day is okay. Caffeine can interrupt your hormones and reduce your chance of conception. Chronic stress is no good for any of us. We need to do a better job of avoiding stress and managing our mind, body, and spirit connection to improve our fertility. That's right. And so many of you are taking supplements, but low quality supplements are a no-go on this journey. We want to make sure you're getting the right nutrients to support your fertility. An FH Pro for men are exactly that. They are your full prenatals, full of all the right micronutrients and antioxidants to boost your fertility. Also, lubricants are really important and many of you are using lubricants, but are using the right one. Baby dance is toxin-free and water-based, which is exactly what you're looking for in a lubricant. We want to avoid those chemicals, which takes me to my last point, is getting rid of the endocrine disrupting chemicals in all your personal products and your beauty products. If you want more information, read the caption, pull out."
" If there is nothing else, and I do want to emphasize nothing else, the only factor is that the mother-spoked marijuana during pregnancy, I do not think that would provide a successful basis to remove a child."
" Amongst the wider review of smoking in the UK, a move to offer pregnant women a financially incentive to quit has been proposed. A reported 9% of women smoke throughout their pregnancy in the UK, but this scheme will see them be offered up to £400 in shopping vouchers if they opt to stop smoking and can prove that they're afraid from smoking cigarettes with regular breath tests. The incentive would give them high street shopping vouchers in stages throughout their pregnancy. The wider review will also include almost one in five smogs in the UK being offered vague starter kits, although it has been acknowledged that vapes are not totally risk-free. They claim that the alternative of smoking is said to be far worse. Funding for the gain has been estimated to be costing the department of health and social care around £45 million over two years in a bid to make the nation smoke free. The measures were said to be welcome steps in the right direction, but still no way near sufficient."
" Today I want to talk about smoking and how it affects fertility. Smoking has significant negative effects on fertility for both men and women. Studies have shown that women who smoke are more likely to be infertile than women who don't smoke. Also, women who smoke undergo earlier menopause on the range of one to four years than women who don't. And finally, smoking has been shown to lead to increased rates of miscarriage. Smoking also affects male fertility. It's been shown to lead to lower sperm counts and lower sperm quality in men. It also can lead to DNA damage within the sperm. Studies have also shown that current smokers have lower success rates within fertility treatments like IVF than people who aren't smoking. It's recommended that both partners quit smoking when they're trying to get pregnant, but this can be really hard to do. However, there are steps that you can take if you're thinking about quitting smoking. You can use nicotine replacement therapy, like a patch, a lazenge, or gum to help cut back on cravings. There's also prescription medications that you can take to improve your chances of quitting. Using nicotine replacement therapy together with a prescription medication has been shown to be more successful in getting patients to stop smoking than using either of those alone. So if you're trying to quit smoking, it's good to talk to your health care provider about what your options are. One thing to note is that there is some data that nicotine replacement and these medications for quitting smoking could potentially negatively affect a fetus once a woman is pregnant. That's why it's especially recommended for women to try to quit smoking before becoming pregnant to minimize these risks."
I am a doctor in the emergency department of micro. Why should I start smoking and drinking three months before pregnancy? Because the current sperm is actually produced three months ago? So we have to prepare for three months of pregnancy. I am a CUP study. More small knowledge follow me.
" Things that you can do to optimize your fertility before you're trying to get pregnant. Number one, please take a prenatal vitamin containing folic acid. Folic acid has been shown to prevent neural tube defects in your baby. So please, please, please do that. That's super, super important. Smoking is a big no, no. That is beyond any doubt has been shown to have an effect on fertility, on miscarriages. Smoking is something that I absolutely would ask you to quit or not recommend in the least bit. In terms of caffeine, the data gets a little bit hazy with caffeine. Light to moderate caffeine use is probably okay and I'm going to qualify this when I say light to moderate. I mean less than two cups of coffee a day. So you know, and this is assuming that you get your caffeine only from caffeine, not from tea, not from chocolates, not from other sources. So essentially light to moderate caffeine use is probably okay and as far as alcohol goes, same. You obviously don't want to consume any alcohol when you're pregnant, but leading up to pregnancy, any sort of very light drinking is probably okay less than two drinks a day. And you know, honestly, if you want to be extra prepared and you know, stop drinking alcohol completely, that's fine too."
" What's up, Bay Fam? A new clinical trial study found that vaping was as safe as nicotine patches for pregnant women trying to quit smoking during pregnancy. Which is pretty damn interesting honestly because it really kind of says that hey vaping is as safe as some of the most popular nicotine replacement therapies out there even if you're pregnant. A lot of tobacco control are kind of spinning it a little bit differently just saying hey there's no difference between nicotine patches and e-cigarettes for pregnant women as far as safety. Even though nicotine patches have been claimed to be safe for pregnant women to use for quite a while so really the study saying that e-cigarettes are as safe as nicotine replacement therapy even for pregnant women trying to quit smoking. Pretty interesting."
" That's even worse. Absolutely, do not smoke the renprenency. This is what you risk if you smoke during pregnancy. Post-arid. We shouldn't normalize smoking during pregnancy just like we shouldn't normalize. Drinking during pregnancy. We shouldn't."
" Merlin Pregnant Here's a Wild Fact. As of 2015, 17.8% of French pregnancies smoke cigarettes into their third trimester. So hospitals are starting to offer vouchers for people that do not smoke into their third trimester. If you're currently pregnant, you have something magical sticking outside of you so you're in a room."
" Does vaping around my newborn count as smoking? Is a parent's question to me? Because I don't smoke any cigarettes around my newborn. Now thanks for asking me this question and to all of you, please do not judge. Simple answer is yes, absolutely. Vaping is the same as smoking. Do not vape or smoke in front of your newborn because..."
" Hi everyone, this is Marina, light-snatch-brother-doctor and today we'll talk about some lifestyle changes you can do to improve fertility. And what you want to do is you want to quit smoking if you are smoking, smoking can cause damage to both male and female-rebrated systems and has been linked to infertility. There are a large metanalysis comparing thousands of women who smoke and those who don't smoke and women who smoke were significantly more likely to be infertile. Smoking is also associated with shorter menstrual cycles of less than 24 days and lead to chromosomal error in the eggs. Also metaposicers early in the women who smoke by 1 to 4 years. Smoking is also associated with increased risk of miscarriage and it has antistrogenic properties which can impact with thickening thickness of the urine lining and thus reduce conception rates with even genetically normal embryos. So basically quit smoking and this will improve your chance of fertility. In men, smoking reduces sperm count and motility and increases inaprementation. So the point is if you want to conceive, quit smoking."
" Can a man smoke while trying to conceive? I definitely warn you to quit smoking. Why do you say that? Because there is evidence that smoking has a significant impact on the production and development of male sperm, including a decrease in sperm concentration, a decrease in activity rate, and increase in the rate of deformity and so on. So if you want to have a healthy baby, quit smoking for at least three months."
" and some uncertainty about long-term health risks. And then also these concerns which are flying around about flavours. My beef is primarily with the media and of course irresponsible academics who put out these health scares and you have them all the time. And in the study I was telling you about the pregnancy study. When we did end of pregnancy follow-ups, there were quite a few women who said I stopped smoking with e-cigarettes and I read in the newspaper that it may kill me. That was the avali scare. And I went back to smoking because smoking may not be as dangerous as this and was exasperating. And you realised how these type of sound bites which people do actually have real consequences for even people that it's really irresponsible and unethical to go out and for instance when a study finds that nicotine increases heart rate, they issue, you know, a press release saying, vaping is as dangerous as smoking and risk damaging your heart. And so just, you know, if there was a way of stopping that barrage or affecting it more effectively with some kind of counter statements that would certainly help."
" vaping is terrible because of the other chemicals that delivers to the lungs. Vaping is associated with disruptions in egg health and what they call egg quality can create certain mutations in eggs and serious endocrine issues in women. Personally, I find it disgusting. I don't do it, but when I see people vaping, vaping is so addictive. It's a mutagen. It mutates the genes of cells. It mutates the genes of rapidly dividing cells most. So breast cancers, ovarian cancers, egg quality, sperm are constantly turning over. So people always say, oh, well, I vape all the time and I got so-and-so pregnant or whatever. When I say I have a probably healthy kid, that kid might have been much healthier. And also the kid's not grown up yet, like introducing me to the kid later. I wish for that kid, I pray for them, but that their healthy is can be. But it is so clear that you're introducing a laundry list of toxins to the lungs and they're getting into the bloodstream and there are a number of them that cross the blood brain barrier. And once they cross the blood brain barrier, those neurons, by virtue of the fact that neurons don't turn over across the lifespan, you burn with the ones you're going to die with. They might add a few across your lifespan, but you're mostly born with the ones that you're going to die with. Well, they're going to harbor those chemicals and those particulates. I can't find one good reason why people should vape."
" So when it comes to smoking or vaping, vaping is terrible because of the other chemicals that delivers to the lungs. Vaping is associated with disruptions in egg health and what they call egg quality can create certain mutations in eggs and serious endocrine issues in women. Vaping is so addictive, it mutates the genes of cells, it mutates the genes of rapidly dividing cells, so breast cancers, ovarian cancers, egg quality, sperm are constantly turning over, so people always say, oh, I vape all the time and I got so-and-so pregnant or whatever, you know, when we say, I have a perfectly healthy kid, that kid might have been much healthier and also the kid's not grown up yet, like introducing me to the kid later. I wish for that kid, I pray for them, but that their healthy is can be, but it is so clear that you're introducing a laundry list of toxins to the lungs and they're getting into the bloodstream and there are a number of them that cross the blood brain barrier."
" I have officially stopped breastfeeding. This is a huge L on my part. I was unaware that nicotine could go into your breast milk. I thought it was just like the chemicals in nicotine. It could stick to your skin, to your clothes, in your breath. So I was doing everything I needed to avoid those kind of things, but I was unaware that breast milk was affected by nicotine. I gave some advice to some lady who commented on my TikTok. Maybe the week before last week, she was asking for some advice about vaping and looking after a baby. And clearly, my advice was wrong because I was telling her things like brush your teeth, wear jumpers when you've vaped and take it off when you look after baby, have something to eat or drink to kind of dim it down. That was stupid. And Owens brother also asked who like while was vaping because I'm breastfeeding baby. And I said, well, the nicotine doesn't go into the breast milk. It just sticks to you. People said to weigh at least 90 minutes before breastfeeding, but I have chosen to stop breastfeeding altogether, just because I'm not eating healthily and I'm not drinking healthily. So I am always having junk food and snacking on things and I'm not drinking any water at all. So regardless of my vaping, my breast milk is still unhealthy. I also have gotten Alan to try my breast milk and he said it's very sweet. I don't know why I thought that the food and drinks go straight to your breast milk. But then I'm pointed out that it just comes straight out your ass so it's obviously the body absorbing it and then that's kind of when I realize that everything that you intake goes into the breast milk."
" Yonal vaping is bad, but you did not evade juice itself, decreases the sauce trim by 30 to 50%. And I'm not pulling this numbers out of my ass, this study showed that ilic would decrease the production of these two enzymes, which I'll respond to for the sauce trim production. Send this to a friend who vapes."
" Hey, okay, so can you smoke and breastfeed? So the answer is yes, smokers can breastfeed. I first want to start off by saying, I think that smoking is terrible, and I really don't recommend that anyone smoke, but I also recognize that it's an addiction and people do smoke while they're pregnant and while they're breastfeeding. So if you're unable to quit, please know that you can breastfeed your baby and I encourage you to breastfeed your baby. I'll tell you why it's a great idea to continue breastfeeding if you are a smoker, is that infants that are in homes with smokers have an increased risk of scissor and infant death syndrome. But by breastfeeding, you actually will decrease this risk for the infant. Other things to note, if you are a smoker and breastfeeding, you may have a decreased milk production because smoking will decrease the blood flow to the breast tissue. You also may be slightly decreasing out of fat in the breast milk, but I wouldn't worry too much about that. You wanna try to smoke after you feed, not before feeding, just to reduce the exposure of the smoke being on your clothing and et cetera. And if you're willing to try to quit, highly recommend a nicotine replacement. That's would be those patches or gums, things like that are safe for breastfeeding. Hope this was helpful."
" As you probably know, smoking is much better in your health, but did you know that it can actually impact fertility? Studies have shown that smoking can damage the eggs within the arteries. Know that you are born with all the eggs you would ever have. So if they are lost or they are damaged, they cannot be regenerated. Smoking can also speed up the rate of loss of these eggs and also cause them to age prematurely. This can make it difficult to get pregnant and potentially leads to early menopause. So if you're crazy hoping to start a family someday, all struggle with fertility and you smoke, it is best to stop smoking now."
" What can Sunday think we should be about vaping? We should be very concerned. Vaping is terrible because of the other chemicals that deliver to the lungs. Vaping is associated with disruptions in egg health and what they call egg quality can create certain mutations in eggs and serious endocrine issues in women. Vaping is so addictive. It's a mutagen. It mutates the genes of cells. It mutates the genes of rapidly dividing cells most. So breast cancers, ovarian cancers, egg quality, sperm are constantly turning over. People always say, oh, I vape all the time and I got so-and-so pregnant or whatever. You know, women will say, I have a perfectly healthy kid. That kid might have been much healthier and also the kid's not grown up yet. Like introducing me to the kid later. I wish for that kid. I pray for them that their healthy is can be. It is so clear that you're introducing a laundry list of toxins to the lungs and they're getting into the bloodstream and there are a number of them that cross the blood brain barrier. And once they cross the blood brain barrier, those neurons by virtue of the fact that neurons don't turn over across the lifespan, you've born with the ones you're going to die with. You might add a few across your lifespan but you're mostly born with the ones that you're going to die with. Well, they're going to harbor those chemicals and those particulates. I can't find one good reason why people should vape."
" Keeping is so addictive. It's a mutagen. It mutates the genes of cells. It mutates the genes of rapidly dividing cells most. So breast cancers, ovarian cancers, egg quality, sperm are constantly turning over. So people always say, oh, well, I vape all the time and I got so-and-so pregnant or whatever. You know, when we say, I have a perfectly healthy kid. That kid might have been much healthier. And also, the kid's not grown up yet. Like, introduce me to the kid later. I wish for that kid. I pray for them. But that their healthy is can be. But it is so clear that you're introducing a laundry list of toxins to the lungs. And they're getting into the bloodstream and there are a number of them that cross the blood brain barrier. And once they cross the blood brain barrier, those neurons, by virtue of the fact that neurons don't turn over across the lifespan, you've born with the ones you're going to die with. You might add a few across your lifespan, but you're mostly born with the ones that you're going to die with. Well, they're going to harbor those chemicals and those particulates. And, you know, yes, we have a grandparents that smoked and lived to be 90, but you know, those are generally the outliers. So I can't find one good reason why people should vape."
" Okay, so let's talk about the guidelines for nicotine and tobacco products while breastfeeding. Episode 60 of my podcast goes into this in detail if one minute is not enough for you. So if you smoke or use tobacco products or use nicotine, you are still encouraged to breastfeed. However, we're going to encourage you to reduce your use because you can pass some of that through your milk to your baby. But this is not a reason to tell somebody not to feed their baby their milk. Basically, the benefits of breastfeeding outweigh the risks. The thing that I am most serious about with my own clients is second and third-hand smoke exposure to baby. So of course, we're not going to smoke or vape around baby. But we're also going to wash our hands and change our clothes before we touch baby after we're using those products. And we're certainly not going to bedshare if we're smoking. So smoke free house, smoke free car, smoke free clothes, smoke free skin."
" Vaping is so addictive. It's a mutagen. It mutates the genes of cells. It mutates the genes of rapidly dividing cells most so breast cancers Ovarian cancers egg quality, you know sperm are constantly turning over so you know people always say no Well, I they all the time and I got so and so pregnant or whatever You know when let's have a perfectly healthy kid that kid might have been much healthier And also the kid's not grown up yet like introducing me the kid later I wish for that kid I pray for them But that they're healthy as can be but it is so clear that you're introducing a Laundry list of toxins to the lungs and they're getting into the bloodstream and there are a number of them that cross the blood Brain barrier and once they cross the blood brain barrier those neurons by virtue of the fact that neurons don't turn over across the Life span you born with the ones you're gonna die with you might add a few across your lifespan But you're mostly born with the ones that you're gonna die with well They're gonna harbor those chemicals and those particulates and You know, yes, our we have grandparents that smoked and lived to be 90 but you know Those are generally the outliers so I can't find one good reason why people should vape if"
" Vaping is so addictive. It's a mutagen. It mutates the genes of cells. It mutates the genes of rapidly dividing cells most so breast cancers Ovarian cancers egg quality people always say, no, well I they pull the time and I got so and so pregnant or whatever You know when was they have a perfectly healthy kid that kid might have been much healthier And also the kids not growing up yet like introducing me the kid later. I wish for that kid I pray for them, but Vaping is associated with disruptions in egg health and what they call egg quality can create certain mutations in eggs and Serious endocrine issues in women"
" I must let's talk about everything they can't eat and do while you're pregnant and have any raw fish or meat So no sushi at the one you're in Spain because in Spain the fish is frozen before it's served for 72 hours Killing all the bacteria. So that's something I found out recently and I was really happy about Obviously you can't smoke or vape and you can't drink alcohol I do drink a glass of wine here and there occasionally so once or twice per week with a meal You cannot eat any unpasturized Cheeses because you maintain this study which is very dangerous for the baby Or milk so any anything that's unpasturized you should avoid so no belly meets unless it's heated up Really well like cooked you should not have the end you should not have any I do have bacon occasionally You cannot sleep on your back from 26 weeks and more you should always sleep on your side For me was a big struggle. I don't like the pregnancy pillows, but I like I Have this big big pillow that I put it into my legs and I just hug it and it's perfect You cannot take any medication except Tylenol I've got exercises Starting from the second second and trimester you have to avoid crunches and things that Might put more pressure into the the dominoes here in the front area you can though do of leaks So it's always good to keep the core strong by doing a bleed. Oh, and you can't have more than a cup of coffee a day You can have the calf as many as you want, but no If you want to have your caffeine one, I think max max two if they're not that strong"
" A woman gives birth to a different child. It might be because of a negligence. I'm going to be talking about these humus avoidering pregnancy. That is, seven things you must avoid during pregnancy. Number one is to avoid eating for two, which is mostly common pregnant women that are eating. Maybe it's also eating, so after eating for two, you don't need that. Just eat the normal food. It let it be balanced diet. And it's elderly. You don't have to eat for two, because it is dangerous. Number two is to avoid losing weight. Some people say, I don't want to get fat because my baby, I don't want my baby to be big. You don't need to do that. Eat balanced diets. Eat the necessary food, the vegetables, fruits, the meat. Number three is to avoid satin foods during pregnancy, such as raw meats or uncooked meats. Because of infection, because they are my bittersmischof of some microorganisms into your body, true depresses. Consumption of unpasteurized meat, avoid that. Don't take that. It's very dangerous for you and your baby. Number four is to avoid caffeine, because I level of consumption of caffeine as led to many complications during pregnancy. So we should just try to avoid the consumption of caffeine during pregnancy. Number five, if you smoke, quit smoking, because smoking has led to so many complications during pregnancy, like miscarriage, steel beds, and premature beds, quit smoking in order to avoid that. Number six is to avoid drinking alcohol, because the consumption of alcohol during pregnancy can lead to so many deformities in baby. So you should try to avoid drinking alcohol during pregnancy. Number seven is to stay away from recreation at drugs like cocaine, cannabis, they are very dangerous for your baby. So if you want to give that to a healthy and beautiful child or beautiful baby, try not to do the seven things I've listed, I've mentioned. In case you have contribution of the 10s pregnancy members to all things they shouldn't do during pregnancy, can you just put that in the comments section and let's continue our conversation from that? For more active videos, follow."
What to do next now your pregnant? Here are some checklists for you to look into. 1. Make sure you take your prenatal vitamins. 2. Eat a healthy balanced diet. 3. Do like exercises at least 30 minutes a day. 4. Quit smoking and consuming alcohol. 5. Get plenty of sleep. 5. Finally 6. Make sure you hydrate yourself properly.
" Product considerations during pregnancy part two, check part one for my thoughts on edibles. CBD A is a fantastic cannabinoid for nausea and this is usually available in tinctures or capsules. The HG moms that I've worked with, CBD A hasn't really done that effective. Most of them need good old THC. Lots of moms choose to smoke, but if we want to limit the toxins that come along with smoking, then let's take a look at dry herb vaporizing. Dry herb vaporizers are a fantastic way to inhale heated plant that's not combustion. And you get that immediate relief and the benefits of the terpies because they mostly don't burn off. I'm not a huge fan of regular use of concentrates outside of pregnancy and definitely feel the same way during pregnancy. Another fantastic option is a transdermal patch. This is a patch that goes on your wrist like this and can deliver the medicine directly to your bloodstream. This is great for people who don't like edibles or tinctures or don't like to inhale. These are hard to find, but a great option for the HG moms who need that continuous infusion of the medicine."
" 7 ways to take care of your pregnancy 1. Find an OB-GYN or midwife you feel comfortable with 2. Avoid alcohol, drugs and smoking 3. Limit your caffeine intake 8. Eat good meals and snacks 4. Take a prenatal vitamin 5. Attend prenatal visits to your gynecologist 6. Eat a healthy and balanced diet 7. Exercise regularly"
" Pregnads mom or aftab bedu asidentate pasurin' when you laugh or shout. Yeah, I thought tips to prevent urinary leakage. No. 1, kegga as a size. Doing this as a size regular list, the kit will strengthen your pervise flow. In tonn, epin with urinary leakage. No. 2, lose weight. Essence body weight puts pressure on the bladder. Manager weights can do your pregnancy and aftab bed of your little one. No. 3, quit smoking. Smoking is not a increased risk of urinary leakage, as it leads to bladder irritation and chronic trauma. But for make their treat changes. Some food you eat and beverages you drink and make urinary leakage was. Because they include caffeine, acroespicy and acidity food. Of this was epifu. Follow me for more. Thanks for watching."
" I say lung detox, no nicotine. It lets you know how easy it is to quit smoking. Many of our customers started vaping as teenagers. After they tried I say lung detox, they stop vaping. You want to know why? Because it is herbal. 16% mullin, and 10% thime. Clear your lungs and soothe your throat, and it will take effect 24 hours after use. But you feel like you're still vaping because of its mint flavor. So it's a great alternative, but not harmful to you. Stay away from nicotine."
" Whether or not you like vapes or you smoke one, common sense would tell us that they're probably not good for us We were told cigarettes were good for us and then we were told well, they won't harm you and people chose to believe it for a long time Why would anyone not look at history and know that it is literally repeating itself right now? Vapes are damaging your health in a huge way and if you're choosing to smoke one you are asking for health problems down the line Yes, of course we don't have conclusive 20 to 30 years studies on this but come on Do we really need to wait for science to prove something before we make good choices? So what are vapes doing to us? Well, they coat the lungs in harmful chemicals that can eventually lead to cancers They disrupt lung function and in the shorter term concourse bronchiolitis and interestingly the chemicals in vapes Also actually reduce co-blinative function in how they impact the brains The flavors that they use have some of the same chemicals found in exhaust fumes So generally they are a precursor to disease and in my opinion no healthier than smoking for a day Please don't smoke these in front of your kids or allow your teens to smoke them and really try and make a choice to get it up There's no doubt that vapes will be a contributing factor in the diseases that you're genetically predisposed to that can be avoided With the right lifestyle it is or a choice"
" Vaping is terrible because of the other chemicals that it delivers to the lungs. Vaping is associated with disruptions in egg health and what they call egg quality can create certain mutations in eggs. Vaping is so addictive. It's a mutagen. It mutates the genes of cells. It mutates the genes of rapidly dividing cells, breast cancers, ovarian cancers, egg quality, sperm are constantly turning over. People always say, no, I vape all the time and I got so-and-so pregnant or whatever. When let's say I have a perfectly healthy kid, that kid might have been much healthier. And also the kid's not grown up yet, like introducing me to the kid later. I wish for that kid, I pray for them. But it is so clear that you're introducing a laundry list of toxins to the lungs and they're getting into the bloodstream and there are a number of them that cross the blood brain barrier. Vaping is a very serious disease. Wow, at a cellular level, it mutates your genes. I wish I never vaped. I vaped for years. Yeah, me too. I actually introduced you to it."
" episodes on nicotine and cannabis and also have their problems. Vaping is terrible because of the other chemicals that delivers to the lungs. Being is associated with disruptions in egg health and what they call egg quality can create certain mutations in eggs and serious endocrine issues in women. Personally, I find it disgusting. Like I just find it like I don't do it but when I see people vaping like to me works for me as a drug and I don't do it anymore. But vaping is so addictive. It's a mutagen. It mutates the genes of cells. It mutates the genes of rapidly dividing cells most. You know people always say, oh well I vape all the time and I got so and so pregnant or whatever. And also the kid's not grown up yet. Like introducing me to the kid later."
" vaping is so addictive. It's a mutagen. It mutates the genes of cells. It mutates the genes of rapidly dividing cells most so breast cancers Ovarian cancers egg quality, you know sperm are constantly turning over so you know people always say no Well, I they pull the time and I got so and so pregnant or whatever You know when let's have a perfectly healthy kid that kid might have been much healthier and also the kid's not grown up yet"
" So when it comes to smoking or vaping, there's the thing that's being consumed, the thing that people are trying to put in their bloodstream, nicotine, cannabis, et cetera. Aping is terrible because of the other chemicals that it delivers to the lungs. It'll be GUIN. Vaping is associated with disruptions in egg health and what they call egg quality can create certain mutations in the eggs. And serious endocranishes in women. It's a mutagen. It mutates the genes of cells. It mutates the genes of rapidly dividing cells. Most, so breast cancers, ovarian cancers, egg quality, you know, sperm are constantly turning over. So, you know, people always say, no, I've been able to time it, and I got so and so pregnant or whatever, you know, women say I have a perfectly healthy kid. That kid might have been much healthier and also the kid's not grown up yet. I can introduce me to the kid later."
" Smoking definitely impacts your fertility. Smoking obviously impacts the other origins of your body, your testicles are no different. So it does decrease your sperm counts, the motility, the morphology. We do also know that by stopping smoking, if you quit smoking, you will notice improvement in your sperm frammers within about two to three months. So it is something that you will notice relatively quickly if you do stop smoking."
" Predenancy's diet advice. With caffeine, light to moderate caffeine use is probably okay and I'm going to qualify this when I say light to moderate. I mean less than two cups of coffee a day. So you know and this is assuming that you get your caffeine only from coffee, not from tea, not from chocolates, not from other sources. So essentially light to moderate caffeine use is probably okay and as far as alcohol goes, same."
" Here are six common causes of bladder leaks, including two you may have never thought of before So bladder leaks can be triggered by physical stress factors like coughing, Laughing, sneezing, or exercise like running or jumping But did you know that there are also different triggers of big urges to pee that can lead to leaks two? Things like pulling your car into the garage at home or Putting your hand on the door handle to the bathroom are urge-related bladder leak triggers See the caption for a few solutions, but in the meantime check out Poison's new ultra-absorbent 7-drop pads specifically designed for all day bladder leak protection"
" and possibly disturbing pregnancy facts come an acha. As you're going through the hostage situation known as pregnancy, you may feel like you're losing control. That feeling is not just in your head, it is factually true. You will produce more estrogen during pregnancy than you would in an entire lifetime if you hadn't gotten pregnant. And when I say you produce, that's not actually true. It's big daddy placenta entering into the picture. The placenta is the fetus's parasitic partner in crime and it is going to usurp all of your hormonal control. So if you feel like you're not quite yourself or you're a little bit out of control, there's a really good reason for that. Now let's talk about your blood supply. Because all my goodness is it going to increase. And it's not just by a small amount, we're talking about 40 to 50% increase in your blood volume. This increase in blood volume can cause swelling in the legs, varicose veins, high blood pressure, and even strokes. So why does your body do this to you? Again, this is out of your control. You can pin this all on an adorable little parasite needing to steal all your oxygen and nutrients. Thanks to all that extra blood, your heart is also going to enlarge. This is known as cardiomegaly and it's a normal adaptation to having to do all that extra work. But there's always a butt with these things. In rare cases it can result in peripartum cardiomyopathy. That's where the muscular walls of the heart become kind of floppy and they can't pump so good. I'd like to punctuate that this is very rare. Let's move on to something cuter. Well that's cuter in a really disturbing way. If you were unaware that newborns could have teeth, well now you know. Thankfully this is just Photoshop. It actually looks like this. They'll be tiny, they may even be loose and so a lot of times the doctor or nurse will take them out to prevent choking. Natal teeth are completely harmless and do not affect the development of baby teeth later on. If you enjoyed this video, please like, save, and comment because I've enjoyed giving you."
" The rest of this comment said, like every other 80s baby we turned out fine. All these bullshit rules these days is crazy. This comment is frustrating. Survivorship bias is the logical error of focusing on those that made it and overlooking those that did not, often because of a lack of visibility. This can lead to incorrect conclusions, like, everybody's gonna be fine because I'm fine. For example, smoking 10 cigarettes a day, lots of us 80s babies whose mother smoked while pregnant with us did in fact make it out alive. Many did not, and many more, did with complications that maybe this comment or it doesn't realize was the result of fetal nicotine exposure. But thanks to the fact that scientific research in the last 40 years actually does matter, which I have to state because this comment makes it seem like we should have just halted all scientific and medical research and advancements, because how could we possibly learn anything new since the 1980s? Thanks to this fact, we now know way more about the short-term and long-term negative impacts of fetal nicotine exposure on the baby. Things like fetal growth restriction and sudden infant death syndrome, which has seen two to five times more in infants exposed to nicotine in the womb. And in the long term, we have evidence to show the fetal nicotine exposure increases risk of type 2 diabetes, obesity, high blood pressure, and fertility issues later in life, and that's after controlling for things like maternal diet or socioeconomic status. And more, there's likely also an increased risk for things like ADHD, exaggerating anxiety, and a high risk of drug addiction. So like, are we all okay? It's the same in the nutrition space with nutrient recommendations during pregnancy, for example, prior to the 1980s, full of gas, its supplementation wasn't standard. We didn't realize that it could significantly decrease neural tube defects until that time. For example, the MRC vitamin study came out in 1991 and showed that 80% of neural tube defects could be prevented by taking just 4 milligrams of full of gas a daily. Sure, many of us born before 1991 didn't have neural tube defects. My mom was born in 1962, didn't have a neural tube defect, but significantly more babies did prior to supplementation practices. I'm actually constantly talking about how some of our nutrition guidelines are misguided or too restrictive for pregnancy. But that's because the evidence doesn't support them and there's a better way, in my view, to increase safety during pregnancy. Now because there's a bunch of people who are having healthy babies also engaging in unsafe behaviors, so all of these recommendations are dumb. That's survivorship bias. That's dangerous. Hope this clears up why."
" Vaping is associated with disruptions in egg health and what they call egg quality can create certain mutations in eggs and serious endocrine issues in women. Vaping is so addictive. It's a mutagen. It mutates the genes of cells. It mutates the genes of rapidly dividing cells most so breast cancers ovarian cancers, egg quality, you know sperm are constantly turning over so you know people always say, oh well I vape all the time and I got so and so pregnant or whatever you know when let's say I have a perfectly healthy kid that kid might have been much healthier and also the kid's not grown up yet like introducing me the kid later. I wish for that kid I pray for them but that their healthy is can be but it is so clear that you're introducing a laundry list of toxins to the lungs and they're getting into the bloodstream and there are a number of them that cross the blood brain barrier and they think that if they're already pretty active physically active then they can offset some of them and they probably can but I think in the next five years or so we're just going to see a slew of studies showing that vaping is just bad for us especially for the developing brain."
" According to a new study out of Boston University, men who are frequent cannabis users are wise as likely to see the pregnancy and in a miscarriage. This is a scary thought. So this was a study that was done at about 1400 couples where they looked at the couples who were able to have pregnancy and the studies are showing that it's because we can actually affect the sperm DNA. So the sperm was strong enough to fertilize the egg but could not carry the pregnancy all the way through. So of course the study finishes by saying that we need more definitive studies to make sure. But you know what it says? If you are a couple that's trying to get pregnant, you should really refrain from smoking it. Both men and women."
" The statement is the current statistics on cannabis use in pregnant mothers is absolutely shocking. The most recent survey of pregnant mothers in the United States showed that 15% of pregnant mothers report using cannabis in some form or another, either smoking it or more likely the question of an edible because their area of their negative effects of smoking on the world are just an edible to increase THC into our CBD during pregnancy, which to me I have to say as a phenomenal middleologist is frankly it's scary. It's absolutely scary because that CBD one receptor is not just a minor player in your community."
" So you just found out your pregnant and one of the things that you're wondering is can I continue vaping during pregnancy? We all know that smoking during a pregnancy is a no-go, but a lot of people don't associate vaping and smoking as the same thing. So can you use an esigirat or a vape during pregnancy? According to the Mayo Clinic, no you cannot. It says that most esigirats contain nicotine, which permanently damages a baby's developing brain and many other organs. Esigirat liquids also contain chemicals, flavors, and other additives that might not be safe for your baby. Also, a lot of pregnant women don't know if their esigirats contain nicotine or they might be using them as a way to quit or reduce cigarette smoking. Because if you're a smoker, you find out you're pregnant, you're like, oh, I can vape instead. And even though they have fewer toxins than a regular cigarette, nicotine exposure to any kind can still be harmful to your baby. So one of the best things you can do if you're pregnant and you are a smoker or your vapor is contact your primary care physician about quitting strategies, at least for the time that you're pregnant. Because unfortunately, if you are a smoker, vaping is still a no-go during pregnancy. My name is Danielle and I'm the head of medical education here at Angie Health and don't forget to follow me. I post pregnancy content every single day."
" How does vaping impact female fertility? So there's lots of things that go down, but really what you need to know is that behavioral changes can happen. Decrease of offspring number, disorganization of the implantation site, and a decrease of weight and length of offspring. Likewise an expression of genes necessary for uterine receptivity change. So take that as you will. Head Plasma for fertility facts."
" What I said is that if you use cannabis once, then the sperm that are generated in the 60 days after that cannabis use are going to have a higher incidence of disrupted motility and perhaps morphology as well. Remember, sperm are continually generated every 60 days or so. And so if you use cannabis once, you are not forever disrupting your sperm, but if you are using cannabis and then you are looking to conceive in the next 60 days, you are going to be reducing, we think significantly so, the number of quality, forwardly, motile sperm. So, the simple takeaway from this is avoid cannabis use, although if you are going to use cannabis, and again, there are medical uses of cannabis and beneficial uses of cannabis for certain populations, it can be bad for other populations. We talked about that in the Hubert-Venlaub podcast all about cannabis, but if you're going to use cannabis, you should try and abstain from cannabis in the two months prior to the attempt to fertilize and get..."
" If the father smokes while the mother is pregnant, there are higher chances of the baby being born with asthma and allergies. Many people focus only on the health of the mother while they forget that the health of the father is equally important. Because the father's genes build the placenta of the father's nutrition smoking in unhealthy habits can even cause loss of pregnancy and infertility."
" Are there harms the fetus if the mother smokes cannabis while pregnant? Yes, there are. And stoners, don't at me, bro, on this one. There are thousands of studies on this topic and hundreds of review papers. If you want to see my science archives on this DM me. But today we'll be covering birth effects, young life effects, adolescent effects, and birth defects. I'm Lex Pellger. I do Ken Education for CV Sciences, the makers of plus CBD on the cannabinoids. Ask me anything. Birth effects are where we have the clearest, most direct evidence. As you can see here, you have an increased risk for preterm birth, more admissions than neonatal intensive care unit, low birth weight, and small for gestational age infants. All of that makes complete sense because the endocannabinoid system is heavily involved in pregnancy. From the implantation all the way through the birth and delivery, as well as the formation of the placenta big time. And so it makes sense that screwing with your cannabinoid system is going to change these things. That being said, most of these aren't the end of the world. The largest estimate I've seen for a low birth weight is 200 grams. That's not a huge difference. You also see lower apgar scores for each children, which is measures of respiration and other things that they check out on an infant. And it makes sense that these would be lower because I've seen data in animals about how exposure to THG leads to not as good formation of the lungs and heart. This review also covers young life effects. So you see these children with disorders in their sleep cycle, memory problems, hyperactivity, as well as DNA methylation, which is attorney on and off of genes. We'll get to that in a second. Modifications in the brain, especially the mingdala. In addition, girls, and there's always gender differences with cannabis, girls had more aggressive behavior at the age of 18 months, shorter breastfeeding periods, and neodanodeth. Of course, we should always remember that Hank's razor could explain a lot of this, which is socioeconomic causes might always be the reason. Finally, the big question. Does prenatal cannabinoid exposure lead to autism or ADHD? And I would say probably, with the ability of the cannabinoids to turn on and off genes related to brain development that we have a lot of data on in animal models, as long as all this public health data put in this direction, it seems likely to answer to this is yes. That being said, I would say at least a third of the studies say no, this is not happening. But the other half to two third of the studies say it is. And when you have that kind of disagreement in the literature that usually means yes, there's a signal there, it's not just not a gigantic one. So is there a link? I do think so. But is it overwhelming? No. Finally, birth defects. These guys Reese and a wholesome out of Australia put out really excellent analysis of European public health data. And for serious congenital anomalies like missing limbs, cleft limb and palettes, serious malformations of the body, it's more likely to happen when you're using cannabis. Is a huge no out of 100,000 people, it might be a couple more cases, but still it's happening and we should be honest about it."
