" Okay, so on my video about smoking and breastfeeding, Christina asks, is this the same for vaping? I'm Dr. K, board certified pediatrician, mom and four, let's get into it. So one of the main things we talked about in that video about smoking and breastfeeding is about nicotine, because nicotine, when we smoke, it gets into the bloodstream, which is essentially the breast milk very quickly. So this is really gonna be the same as vaping. So those chemicals that you're inhaling and vaping into your lungs are going to enter the breast milk quite quickly. But is vaping a reason to stop breastfeeding? No, absolutely not. So the benefits of breastfeeding outweigh the potential risk with vaping. So for those of you who are not familiar with vaping, it is smoking an e-cigarette or an electronic cigarette, which is a battery-operated device that changes chemicals like nicotine and other substances into a vapor, which is then inhaled into the lungs. The issue with vaping is that it hasn't been around like a really, really long time like cigarettes have. So there are a lot of unknowns with long-term issues. But we do know that some of the additives are heavy metals. They can have flavorings and other cancer causing chemicals like formaldehyde. And one of the chemicals is diacetyl, which is a flavoring that's used in some of these e-cigarettes. And that chemical has been linked to a bliterative bronculitis. That's a mouthful to say. But it's a serious irreversible lung disease. And some of them also contain, like I said, cancer causing chemicals like formaldehyde, it can also contain itose domains and propylene glycol, which is a chemical that we see in anifres. And heavy metals like tin and lead and nickel have also been found in them. And when people evap, they do emit a gas around them, which you can probably see in like the stiny looking vapor that kind of comes out. And those do contain volatile organic compounds, which can cause issues if it baby breathes in. That vapor can also contain a significant amount of nicotine. So like a pod of e-juice for a Joel brand, e-cigarettes can contain as much nicotine as 20 regular cigarettes. For a lot of mamas who are able to quit smoking during the pregnancy or seriously cut back during that postpartum period, they're so stressed out with a newborn. I mean, that's huge responsibility. It's exhausting. They're sleep deprived. And I totally understand wanting to smoke. And a lot of mamas think that e-cigarettes are better, even though overall they're really not. But I don't want you mamas who want to breastfeed if you're smoking or vaping to stop breastfeeding. There's a lot of mamas think, well, this is really bad. So I should stop. But really the benefits of breastfeeding outweigh the risk. Again, the benefits outweigh the risk. So just like the smoking regular cigarettes, there are ways that we can limit baby's exposure to e-cigarettes. So you're going to want to feed first and then vape because the nicotine is going to get into your bloodstream very quickly. And typically that nicotine is going to peak really quickly and then it's going to kind of fall off. So it takes about an hour and a half to two hours with the nicotine level to fall by 50%, which is the half-life of nicotine. And though nicotine can last for 10 hours or more, it's safer if you can wait. If you can feed, then smoke, and then wait at least two to three hours, that's going to limit exposure. OK, so why are we so worried about nicotine and babies anyway? Well, it can interfere with their sleep patterns. It can also mess up their blood glucose regulation and thyroid issues, which can lead to the kids being overweight. Check out my other video on smoking and breastfeeding to see other effects of nicotine. OK. So ultimately, we want you to quit smoking. And honestly, probably so to you, but it's really hard and it's not going to happen overnight. So we can do something still in a baby's exposure. So never hold your baby while you're vaping. You can accidentally burn the baby with the e-cigarette, which I've seen before, that's not fun. And also the vapors that are emitted while you're vaping, the baby can breathe that in and expose them unnecessarily. And same for regular cigarettes. Try to vape outside if you can. And if you can put on like a jacket, so any of the chemicals that are emitted will get on the jacket, but the jacket somewhere baby's not going to be. And don't vape in your car either or around the car seat because you don't want it to get on those items. To be sure, when you come in, you wash your face, that you wash your hands. If you can, take a shower, that's awesome. But change out of your clothes and try to just wash off any exposed area before you hold your baby. And a safer option, if you're not quite ready to give everything up, cold turkey is nicotine replacement therapy. So that's like the nicotine gum, the patches, the lozenges, but always talk to your doctor first before starting any of those kinds of things. And I talk about those a little bit more in my other video with smoking and breastfeeding because with like the, the lozenges and the gum, you want to feed first and then do them. But the patches are a little bit different. You do want to take those off before bedtime. So check that out. Again, I'm Dr. Key and I hope this video helped."
I just want to get on here and say a few things since these articles are now circulating everywhere about me and I never gave anybody permission to do that by the way but I shared the video because it's a real struggle that women go through every day and are literally terrified to talk about it because of people like you. Like people are just using this as a way to bully and it's disgusting and a lot of you people on here calling me names. I don't see that being necessary or saying what kind of mother I am when you clearly have no idea. I never said that I wasn't trying to quit and for the people that said that it was so easy for them to quit like I am proud of you for real. It's just not easy for everybody and you can do anything and everything right in your pregnancy and your child still develop these problems. I'm just saying that instead of spreading hate you know support the people that willingly admit to having a problem. Being ugly and rude has never solved anything. No nobody has to agree with me but putting me down is not getting anything done or solved. I'm just saying everybody makes choices that they're not proud of but do people sit there and bash them every day about it? No they don't. You know they support with love you know I have been trying to quit I no longer smoke cigarettes. There's nobody being like oh I'm I'm proud of you because you're one step closer to not smoking at all.
" or you don't care. I think anybody I think is a rare fucking flag. That's my personal band. You stupid. That in my life. Have I ever talked to myself? Let me make a... I'll never make a... I try to one time. I'm sorry. See, don't do shit, T-Slam. I start calling at you. Michael, all fucked up. Paul's. What the fuck is the appeal from a band? Tell me some weak lungs. Oh, no. Your lungs are weak. Your lungs are pink. When I was that... I'm warning them. They take much and give it to somebody. Your lungs are weak. Your lungs will come out and look like... They ain't part of some bar two reels. The fuck is you talking about? If you break down the baby, where the fuck is the smoke coming from? Okay. You used to see here know this, eh? It'd be cymbals, copper wires, and a small ass battery. Where the fuck is you smoking? Cause... Where the fuck is the juice coming from? Eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh,å‚™ it. How do you make a taste like that? What cymbals? But you smoking ass shit, you stupid bitch. Well, the air from the vape comes from the air. Yeah, he went that soon. He's stupid. You already... Oh my God. He said the air from the vape comes from air. W science. You might not need to say that some man go be in that documentary, brother. They'll put you right in that documentary. Why, why, why, what, why legendary is all that from vape? You stupid, man. Me personally, I ain't going live. I'd rather be around somebody I smoke cigarettes than my fucking vape juice. Cause at least for the cigarettes, I'm on distress. But vape vape, hey, hey, hey, you were saying my fucking loose vape? If you're a child, taking your throne from a girl, right? You even know that young woman tried to a young fucking man, how strong she is. Let somebody lose vape. I ain't seen somebody live up a whole car to find anything. I ain't seen my fucking... Ah! My fucking start tweeting, I ain't seen my fucking baby. She's a whole little bitch. And when I'm driving through, you lost her baby up with Daniel Pullman, which is how the way she can turn into a motherfucker hook. My mom, my mom, my mom, my mom, my mom, my mom, my mom, she's a my guy, over the old date man. My mom, they start at blame, they start intonating, they say, where's they crack? Where's my baby, Mary, my baby? Hey, look, fucking rob two guys. I'm gonna put you shit out to write, sadly, if not, you're done as the fuck up. My fucking day, they, they rather lose a phone, wallet, ID, passport, heroin, clothes, shoes, money, PC, games, PSI, they rather lose everything in the world, which is lose a motherfucker baby. Well, life people do what they want to do, that's fine. We end up like a motherfucker in this space with the big ass long head on his shit. Land on the bed. I love you, I can't listen to you. I love you. I love you. Follow that for the nation. Now when they funny number one. Now when they use it, you don't use it, now when they commercials it. I would be with them if I was a fucking bitch. Now you look like a motherfucker, so I don't explain it. You've had a president sign in the nation. I remember, well, that's my baby, well, that was it, dude. Oh. You know, we don't have that baby. You're that right, you little devil. You're that right. And then when they, they bring another one over, they're another one gone, and then the one vice that does. Maybe your damn ass, throw your ass right there in the bucket. They don't say that you want a smoke basis in. But I want a professional sign in the nation, talk it shit. I'm being around me, start bringing like that. Oh, backslap, you know, bring around me like that. Because I'm trying to eat my food. I'm not fucking messing right there, the rest of why. You sitting there trying to eat your fucking for the baby, you know, backslap, you should have, because you don't necessarily know my food, well, sit there bringing around my food, backslap, you should have, you're going to be like, oh, my, my, my, my boy. And I have seen people, I have seen you fix, yo, boy. I have seen somebody open up a big, because I'm not fucking stop working. I swear, God, I'm not fucking turn it, yo. I'm also a scientist shit. Start re-figuring the wires in the cart, this shit. Muck up a wasn't hitting them up. They, try to see, you eat your business shit. Fixing my fucking shit, how's that bitch? Start smoking again? Oh, I'm like, oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, this is my fucking. I'm looking at him, muck, I start trying to blacken his shit. I saw this muck, and then you're mad. I ain't going to your funeral. There you go, nothing to do with me."
" I look so fucking orange today. I think I will overboard with the bronze up. But anyways, I wanted to talk about something because I was really shocked in my life this morning. We were talking about pregnancy and nicotine. And basically I was saying that it is safe to quit immediately. Cold turkey if you find out your pregnant people in the comments did not know that and that has shocked me. I think we get it misconstrued with harder substances which yes, if you quit cold turkey you are actually at risk of severe withdrawals that are life threatening. Not only to you but your baby yes you would go and shock some people lose their life when they quit. Heavy substances cold turkey. We are talking about nicotine people. I spent five minutes on the internet and it says if you are pregnant it is best if you can stop smoking right away. Like you could keep reading that if you want to, it is my house. And then this is from the public health which says lots of women cut down on cigarettes when they find out they are pregnant. And this is a positive step which 100% it is. However, evidence tells us that only completely stopping smoking protects the unborn baby and the mother from the harm that's making causes. I'll leave that there for a bit of someone wants to screen shot it. This page is brilliant it goes in depth. If you want to the websites down the bottom of the screen there. And one more is it okay to quit smoking cold turkey when pregnant? This is what we were talking about today. Quitting smoking any time during your pregnancy will improve your baby's chances of being born healthy. Quitting smoking even cold turkey is safe during pregnancy. I spent a good decade of my life from the age of like 13 to 23 working in a pharmacy and dealt with many many many pregnant mothers. Does that make me a professional no? I've also had two kids myself and I've done. Oh shit. I think you guys I've done a lot of research. I want you guys to know and I want to put it out there on a page because I've shocked at how many people didn't know this. It is safe to quit cold turkey. It's actually going to be better for your baby. The more days you have with less nicotine in your body, the better. I also want to highlight that I do not shame or judge anyone who does smoke during pregnancy as someone who's quit many substances in my life more than what I would like to talk about online. I want you guys to know there is never any judgment from me. When I talk about this I'm just passionate about promoting the positivity of quitting smoking or vaping during pregnancy. It's only going to be positive I promise. There has been this narrative of it shocks the baby. I want you guys to know that there's evidence to prove that's completely untrue and that you are only going to benefit you and your baby's health from quitting."
" This is how I successfully quit vaping after four years of vaping constantly. I had tried to quit so many times and failed miserably, so these are the things that actually helped me. First and foremost, you need a purpose for quitting. That's to yourself how your life could be better if you quit vaping. You're gonna save a lot of money. You're going to be better in your health. You'll be saving time. You're preventing any underlying health conditions from worsening. My reasoning was that I was pregnant and I really did not want to hurt my baby. I was really scared that when I found out that I was pregnant, that I wouldn't be able to quit vaping. This was the first time that I tried to quit that my purpose was so much more important than the vape was that I would have stopped at nothing to make sure that I quit. So here are the things that actually help me quit. I think you should tell your friends and people that care about you that you are quitting. If these people know that you're quitting, they can be there for you when you're going through withdrawals. They can cheer you on and encourage you to continue quitting and you won't want to let them down. Next, I would download an app that has a timer that will tell you how long it's been since you hit your vape the last time. I promise you, you will not want to restart that timer. If you want to curb your cravings, I would say to chew on ice. Not only will you be getting that hand-to-mouth fixation that everyone has when they're vaping, but it's also a really good option if you're worried about gaining weight when you quit vaping not gonna be indulging in excessive amounts of calories. It's also cold and a lot of vapes kind of feel cold when you hit them. I recommend chewing on gum or having mints with you as well. First of all, they're low calorie, but they also have that minty menthol flavor that a lot of the vapes that our popular have. Once you start getting really bad cravings and really bad withdraws, it'll be a little bit more difficult for you to regulate your emotions. But I noticed that caffeine really, really helps with that. If I was about to have a mental breakdown because I wasn't hitting my vape and I was just getting overwhelmed, I would drink a bunch of caffeine. You could hypothetically also get a CBD vape. Have tried it before. It calmed me down a little bit and I got that hand-to-mouth fixation, but in reality, I was still bringing something into my lungs. I was still smoking something. And I would recommend that you just don't smoke anything while you're trying to quit smoking. But if it works for you, it works for you, and there's no shame in that. Last but not least, I highly recommend the easy way to stop vaping by Allen Car. I had it in the audio book version on Spotify, but you can download it anywhere or you can buy the physical copy of the book. What I really liked about this book is that it didn't fear monger you into quitting. Kind of feel like you used like reverse psychology. My excuse as to why I could not stop vaping was always, oh, I'm so mean to everybody around me whenever I quit vaping, which was true. I was having emotional outbursts whenever I would quit. In this book, Allen Car relates that to a toddler not getting the toy that they want and having a tantrum, which is kind of embarrassing. He also talks about how quickly the nicotine leaves your system and how a lot of those emotional outbursts aren't due to withdrawals. It's just because you're not getting what you want. That's just one of many examples of the great reasons as to why you should quit that he gives in the book. It was so compelling that I genuinely didn't even finish the entire audio book. I listened to about half of it and I was like, yeah, you're right, I'm done. I don't eat this. I think it was only $15 as well, so it's not even expensive. Just want to say that quitting isn't as difficult as you are making it out to me or anyone else makes it out to me. If you're committed, I guarantee you can actually quit. If you have any other questions or want any other tips that I could give without quitting, definitely let me know. I would be happy to give them and I wish you the best of luck."
" Continuing on in our series about what moms can do while breastfeeding, Lucy has the question, so what about smoking? Hi, I'm Dr. Key. I'm a board certified pediatrician and a mom of four. Let's talk about nicotine. So we all know that smoking is not great for you. I'm not here to shame you. I'm here to talk about the best way to mitigate risk for your baby. So say you've quit for the whole nine months of pregnant theory. You really cut down. And now you have a baby and your baby is crying all the time and you're sleep deprived and all you want is a cigarette. So can you breastfeed and smoke? The short answer is yes, you can. The benefits of breastfeeding, even if you're a smoker, are still far away the risks. So nicotine used to be on the list of drugs that were a contraindication for moms to breastfeed, but in 2001, the AAP removed it. And you'll see here that the benefits of breast milk outweigh the risk with nicotine exposure. So the main issue with smoking is that it exposes your baby to nicotine, and nicotine is a risk factor for sudden infant death syndrome. So how does nicotine increase the risk of sudden infant death syndrome? So in our carotids, which are these arteries that run through the neck, we have this bifurcation where the carotid splits into the internal and external carotid artery. At that bifurcation, there is the carotid body. So this is going to be a oversimplification, but essentially the carotid body senses our oxygen and whenever it gets low, it stimulates our nerves to tell our brains that we need to breathe. Well, nicotine lowers the dopamine in these carotid bodies, which essentially means that if babies not breathing effectively, these carotid bodies are not going to work like they need to to get baby to override that hypoxia and breathe. And another mechanism for how smoking can increase the risk of cids is that parents who smoke will exhale carbon monoxide for hours after they smoke. And if baby is breathing in that inhale carbon monoxide, that will lower baby's oxygen level and can lead to cids. And the risk of cids is so much more increased if you bed sure with your baby. But again, if mom or dad's smoke and baby is breastfed, the risk of cids is still lower than if mom or dad's smoke and baby is formula fed. And offering a pacifier to your baby at bedtime and nap time can help stimulate your baby. Babies who take pacifiers during sleep times don't sleep quite as deeply, which sounds like we don't want that, but we do because then if they have any trouble breathing, they're going to wake up and breathe. And this decreases risk of cids. Also when baby is sucking on a pacifier, their tongue is more forward in their mouth, which is helping the tongue not to block the airway. Okay, so we've established that even if you're smoking, it's good to breastfeed and it protects your baby against a lot of stuff, right? So when is the best time to smoke if you're going to breastfeed? The best time to smoke is right after you have a nurse because when you are smoking, that is when the nicotine is going to be highest in your blood. It spikes very quickly and then it comes down. The half-life of nicotine is usually about two hours and it takes about 10 hours for the nicotine to leave entirely. So if you smoke and you can wait at least two to three hours, that would be really great. Now this is going to be hard during the newborn phase and during those cluster feeding days because some babies want to eat every 20 minutes. Otherwise, to decrease your kid's exposure to nicotine is to cut back. So even if you cut out one cigarette a day, that's one less cigarette your baby is exposed to. Now ultimately we would love it if you quit smoking, but that's not realistic for some people and we also know it's not going to happen overnight. Relapses are super common and nicotine gum and lozenges could be helpful to help you quit and we treat these the same as cigarette. So you're going to want to nurse first and then do the gum or lozenges and then try to wait two to three hours. And if you want to do patches, that's great. I do recommend that moms take them off at night so baby isn't getting nicotine during the night because that can interrupt sleep. And some moms will ask with the nicotine patches like what dose they should do. So 21 milligrams is equivalent of about one pack a day. So if you can do seven or 14 milligrams, that's even better. And if you're needing a reason to quit, babies with parents who smoke are likely to have asthma. They're more prone to getting ear infections. Nimonious bronchitis, altered immune system, increased chance of getting diabetes and even thyroid issues. Smoking decreases maternal iodine in the breast milk and we need iodine for our thyroid to function normally. Smoking does also decrease moms prolactin, prolactin is a hormone that makes milk. So you may struggle with your milk supply, but honestly this wasn't super significant. And smoking moms tend to not breastfeed for as long as non-smoking moms, but a lot of times it's because these moms think that smoking and breast feeding is bad for the baby. When in reality, breastfeeding for a longer time is good. And be sure not to smoke around your baby. Try to go outside if you can and if you can wear a jacket, that's even better. Whenever you come in, take that jacket, put it somewhere, baby is not going to be, wash your hands, wash your face. And don't smoke in your car, even if baby's not in there. And don't smoke around the baby's car seat. And benefits of breastfeeding for you, mom, are a lower chance of getting breast cancer. It also can help with postpartum weight loss. I can tell you when I breastfed and I would eat junk at the hospital and residency, I would go pump. And also breastfeeding is good for bonding. I have moms ask all the time, are e-cigarettes or vaping better? And the short answer is no. But I'm going to try to make a video of that soon. I know that quitting smoking is ridiculously hard. I have multiple family members who have tried and tried and tried again. And they have been successful, but it does take time. So if you're struggling and you're trying to quit, call 1-800-QUIT-NOW. And if you're pregnant, you can sign up for smoke-free mom, you can text mom to 2-2-2-88 or sign up online. And they'll send you customized messages where you're at in your pregnancy. And it's great to sign up for this even if you're not ready to quit yet. And lastly, I want to say, if you want a formula fee, that is absolutely okay. And I don't want you to have any guilt about it. No one knows your family like you do. So do whatever's best for you and your baby. I hope you guys found this helpful. Like and follow her for more."
" Come on me to stop smoking weed after 15 years But and I'm legit doing this cold turkey people who know how long and how much I fucking smoke I think it's impossible and they don't believe me, but it's okay ring the daughters It makes me want to stop that much more. Why? Why though karma? There's hella reasons why or starters the past year I just feel like I found myself lacking motivation I'll get my full eight hours of sleep and I'll still wake up groggy or Just not having it, you know, I'm always fucking tired or sleepy And you know that feeling when you smoke indica It's like a mellow sedated feeling like just chilling nothing around you really matters like you're kind of spaced out and shit Yeah, I've caught myself acting like that even when I'm sober and I haven't smoked There's been multiple occasions where my girlfriend will talk to me and I'm doing something and I'll just look at her With like a blank face and I'll turn around and continue doing what I was doing just chilling spaced out Almost like I'm not all there anymore. It feels weird and Baby, you know, I want to apologize for that because you know that I always want to be the best person that I can for you And I just feel like I have it because of whatever this is that I'm feeling I'm simply just tired of the same routine every single fucking night Coming home from work and just sitting on my phone scrolling through my phone for the rest of the fucking night Shitting my life away. I used to be hell spontaneous and outgoing and like ill life's too short to be just wasting it, you know what I'm saying? And don't get me started with the anxiety that I've developed The freaking anxiety that does not allow me to do anything without smoking first I wake up smoke get home from work smoke smoke again before I eat dinner because I don't have a fucking appetite without smoking And then again smoke before going to sleep Smok smok smok smok smok smok smok smok smok smok smok smok smok smok My tolerance is like out of the fucking roof and I'm not talking about a little blood I'm talking about fat ass backwards. I've been working since I was like 13 So like I've always had the funds to just buy good shit And if you smoke with me, you know that I only smoke the good shit I've always been huge on not allowing a craving or an object control my feelings and decisions So I refuse a little plant flower to do so, right? I do want to emphasize that I have nothing against it obviously My girlfriend still smokes but she's fairly new to it And truly speaking my whole family and friends that I'm surrounded with smoke Ultimately, I just want to know what karma is like without smoking How karma tackles the obstacles that life throws at me Without using weed as a crutch, right? Does that make sense? I'm aware that there is a lot of negative withdrawals But I'm excited for the positive and that's what's keeping me motivated I've been a lot of debating Tons of research and I will simply not know to like do it I will be documenting and posting every single time I feel a negative withdraw or a positive difference I'm super excited and proud of myself how far I've came"
" just want to do a really quick video on people that smoke when they're pregnant and I'm going to start by saying I really don't want any hatred on this post, any judgements or anything bad to be said to somebody if they are smoking and pregnant because we all have things that we know we could be doing better or things that might be healthier for us if we didn't do them so please don't judge anybody but the just the quick thing I want to say is obviously it's brilliant if you can give it up when you're pregnant that's like gold standard that'd be amazing because obviously that helps lower risks of your baby being smaller and other things that are quite bad for the baby when you are pregnant and you smoke but remember if you can't give up smoking completely just cutting down is great as well so just it's stupid and you're probably go yeah this is like obvious but see we're smoking 10 a day, try to smoke five a day or six a day just try and like get the number down you can get help you can get like patches from your midwife and your GP please don't feel I'm judging you I am nobody to speak on anything I have lots of things that I need to change and things that I could have done better so yeah I just wanted to put that out there and I don't want I really don't want anybody to come on this post and start saying anything to anybody else of how bad it is because that's not going to help anybody and if anything it's just going to make people want to smoke more because people turn to the things that help them when they feel stressed and upset so hope that helps somebody out there today much love."
" My quit in situation may be a little different than people talking about quitting. I was smoking since I was 12 years old. Yes, I said 12 and I'm now 34 and I quit when I was seven months pregnant so I was 33. And I know everyone's like oh my god, you're a small wire pregnant. Listen, yes, I was. I'm not afraid to admit it and everybody knows it. I also smoked with all three of my other kids. I'm not going to say that other people don't experience negative outcomes but all four of my kids so far have been healthy and great. What made me finally quit and make sure you stay till the end because I have something else to say. What made me finally quit was because I had a really bad asthma attack and I literally could not breathe. Usually if I have an asthma attack I go to the hospital, I get a treatment and I'm good going forward. This time it did not work like that. I had asthma attack when I got a treatment came home, had another asthma attack when I got a treatment came home. Finally had another asthma attack was in the hospital for a little bit and then I came home. And for a little bit I mean a few hours upon hours and when I got home I was like I am not smoking them where I quit cold turkey. I already really did. I smoked like three or four cigarettes a day but this time I was like I'm done. I didn't pick up another cigarette. However, I currently started smoking again about a month ago. And again it's only a few cigarettes a day but I have started smoking again. Yes it is bad to smoke when you're pregnant but it is extremely hard. Do not let people judge you. Don't let people judge you. It is extremely hard. People that haven't smoked don't know how hard it is. And some people would be like well when I was pregnant I stopped smoking right away and it was easy. And that's good for them. But what works for one person may not work for another person. My husband had also stopped smoking at the time with me. He knows smokes again but he also had stopped smoking at the time and he smoked a lot. And what helped him stop is he had freshments with him. I meant to say breathments and those helped him stop the cravings. So I will say this to you. You do what you feel is best. Take all the advice from the doctors to help you stop smoking. Even if you just cut down to a couple of days that is amazing for you. That is amazing. I am studying you so much while wishes. I know you got this. I know you can do it if you quit and if you don't that's okay too. Don't listen to people as far as them be a negative. Do what's best for you love."
" Okay, so quick update on my healing, slight growing journey, slayersh, you know getting closer with God. Today is, so I don't know if I've posted anything on my birthday, but I am 30 now. Shout out to me. But my journey is still going. I did have a couple of bumps in my zone, depression comes and shout out, I have a shout out. But, I'm stronger than I am. I'm the fight better, so I don't know. Get up there, but any who. We out here, and today is day one of me not smoking marijuana. It's on your hottest, it's about to be a task, especially with both my kids. The bigger one is the one that's probably going to get on my nerves the most. But we won't see how this goes. We really want to pray, I need you to pray for me. I'm a praying, and I need you to pray with me. Like, we're all baby. But yeah, like, we want a little journey. I'm going to give you a day-to-day update. I'm going to try my hardest to child, you know. Give you guys a little insight on how it is being a mom of two million, because that's what I am. I know, if my whole baby girl who thinks she's a boss, and that's what I'm actually wants to do, my six year old who thinks he's 16, he'll be seven next Tuesday, I believe. So yeah. Life is changing, so we're about to get this day, we're about to get to this buddy, and we're going to change our life all around. And that's just what we're going to do. But I'm definitely going to take you guys on my journey of this, not smoking, because this is like step one in my process of changing my life. Cool, let me tell you how. I know this is about to be a task. Like, a task. And they say you go through withdrawals, like I don't even know how that's going to work, but I've tried before, like don't give me wrong. Stop smoking before. But to actually just quit cold turkey for no reason at all, it's just like, I guess the reason. But, you know, when you get smoking first from home, I think it's only going to take some time. But we're going to do it. So day one, this is January 20th, and right now it's 11.29 in the morning, 11.30. We're going to do this, okay? We're going to get it done. Day one. Y'all with me? Bed."
" drinking ages are completely arbitrary. And I travel a lot and this opened my mind to many, many things. But when my son turned 18, we went on a family vacation to Mexico and he actually got to have his first legal drink out of the country because the laws are different there. And it was a really cool thing for him because we went into a restaurant and he's like, can I order a drink? And I'm like, well, you're 18. I order a drink in Mexico. It's legal. So he did. And then we came home from vacation and he's 18, not 21. So it's not legal for him to drink here. And this turned into this whole process in my mind where I thought, okay, so I live in a country where my son is 18. You know, he's old enough to get married. He's old enough to go to war. Certainly old enough to produce children. But according to our government, he's not old enough to buy a cigarette or a vape or have a beer, which made no sense to me. And I had this whole conversation with my class last week because one of my students was about to turn 21 and he said, I've been waiting years to drink. And I told him about my experiences traveling and how ridiculous I think that is because all you have to do really to get into a place where it's legal is leave the country, go somewhere else, you know, go to another state, you can buy marijuana. It's just, it's just so stupid. And I think that should change. We need to decide what an adult is, whether it's 18, 21, you know, because it's all ridiculous, your brain's not fully formed to your 26 anyway. And just roll with that, right? She's one in a roll with it. Make a moral decision."
" Here's how you can prepare your body for pregnancy. At least six months before your attempt to try to get pregnant, quit these following things. Alcohol, weed, tobacco, vaping, anything that has to do with smoking or inhaling something. Coffee, because coffee dries a digestion and we need lubrication in the body. Try cocoa or a dandelion blend. You can also add some collagen to your drinks in the morning and a bit of coconut oil. And tea. Tea is really good. Try something very gentle, some camel milk, some peppermint, avoid green tea or matcha. They are also very dry. Anything that is very high in caffeine can have a dry effect on your digestion. Avoid processed foods, processed sugars. Fast food should also be off the list completely. Stick to whole foods. Eat really good protein. If you can cook it at home, that's even better. It's safe to eat a lot of tofu if you're vegan. If you are vegetarian or you just eat fish, fish is really amazing. And no matter what your diet is, I think increasing fish before pregnancy and even during. I was eating fish around three, four times a week. I was craving it because I'm a vegetarian. I was a vegetarian and I didn't eat fish for a long time, but my body started craving fish. So the thing is you're going to start having cravings before getting pregnant. Your body can tell you, if you turn into your body, it's going to tell you, hey, I'm going to need more of this nutrient or dad nutrient because it takes the body a lot to make a baby and to keep the baby and to have a safe pregnancy and to deliver safely. So this is just like the basic requirement for your body to be in its best health. Now for exercise. I think it depends, it's case by case, but I would recommend going for walks every day if you can, at least an hour's being with yourself breathing very deeply and working on your posture and the pelvis, how you hold your pelvis. See if you have an inferior tail or an exterior tail. Yes, my love. Your posture is very important because your body is going to change and your hips are going to change. And if your posture and your pelvis are not in that good shape and you already have back pain, you're going to have a lot more. So it's good six months before that you really work on these key elements of your body, like the basic posturing and your diet. This is going to help a lot. And also managing your stress. Managing your stress is crucial. So stress management may be try breath exercises, try breathing deeply. Meditation, gentle yoga, anything they can help you feel good and make your body relax and try sleeping at least eight."
" Okay, H.D. Moms, I think I came to a new conclusion, slash viewpoint slash opinion, about the green plant and hyper-Mrs. Scribdram. I used THC through the form of smoking during my H.D. pregnancy because it was the fastest method of available to me. Remember, lacked some knowledge, but I think the next closest thing to smoking that gets into your system super fast is repositories, I am gonna check that out though. Next time, I have H, if I get HG again, I'm trying those. They're on the market here in Alberta for menstrual cramps. I maybe they can work for HG. So, this brings me to my point. I got message saying this. This mom doesn't have HG, she just uses cannabis to deal with some stuff going on in her brain. Okay, so my message is this, I don't think you should be smoking the green plant during your pregnancy. I think that you should consume it in a different way. And I think that best way would be probably edibles. Hey, if CBD edibles work for you, that's fantastic. But I know sometimes the THC is what helped a lot of moms for certain things. So, you might have to look for a gummy or something like that in THC. The reason I don't agree with you smoking is that you don't need that relief super super fast. You can be on a more of a schedule. As a HG mom, I had no choice. My puking had a mind of its own. And so I had to get relief very fast because I was so, so, so sick and I needed to eat. Now, since my pregnancy, I have learned a lot of things such as using a hempwik is the best way to go during pregnancy. But for yourself, I don't even recommend that. Combustion is just not something you want to be doing during pregnancy if you can. Sometimes for HG moms, it's just this is the only way. I'm trying to gather people's stories about, you know, different methods of consumption that they use. So some moms have had some HG moms have had success with edibles, but not a lot. Some moms have had success with tinketers, but not a lot. And so the list kind of goes on and on with that. And so the more that we can offer like different examples like, okay, try this, try this, try this, try this, until, and then if all of that doesn't work, then you try smoking. But for someone who doesn't have HG, it's not as life threatening, it's not as serious, because you're not cyclically vomiting every one to three hours. Then that's when you do have to scale back. You need to look at your options and see what is going to be best for you and baby. For HG, the negatives of malnutrition are so, so bad. And so any negatives that kind of come with that combustion that I talked about, it's a relatively low risk when it comes to that compared to starving."
" I just found out I'm pregnant with my first baby. Um, so I'm gonna be giving these up because I have to. Because I don't wanna be that one that smokes when she's pregnant and then like what happens because if the baby came out with like birth defects, because like that can happen. So like I should really honestly just quit right now. I need to. I'm gonna talk to my doctor tomorrow about what I can do to quit. I've tried to quit and it wasn't successful for me but I'm now officially about 60 weeks pregnant and I did not know that until today. Literally just found out. But like I said, I'm gonna talk to my doctor about what I can do to really, really for all quit these things and not go buy another pack tomorrow. The thought that my little bean could be born with something that is not something that I want her to have or him because of something that I could have prevented. No, no thank you. This is a sign from God that I have to quit smoking and starting now I have to make decisions for my baby and not myself because I'm not a selfish person. I'm not gonna be a selfish mother. I'm gonna put my kid first always because I know it's like to not be put first. I'm really nervous but I'm really excited at the same time. Wish me luck guys."
" Alright, today marks two weeks since I stopped baby. I touched, hit a baby, nothing in two weeks. Just the longest I've ever gone. We're fully committed to quitting, but I'm gonna give you all an update on my withdrawals and thumbs and side effects and all that stuff. Has it been easy? No, but it's more or less because I've had the worst withdrawals in thumbs ever and everyone that you look up on Google I have. But the cravings go away after the fifth day. I haven't had any cravings. I haven't been happy to like pop some gum or suckers anymore. The only time I really wanted headed was when I was stressed with moving on Friday and that was the first time I had a craving since like last week. Okay, these are the symptoms that they say you can have. Urges or cravings for nicotine is the most common symptom. I had that literally like, like I said, the first week max. Headaches so bad. Like the worst headaches I've ever experienced in my life. Nausea, yeah, and like fatigue, dizziness, depends. Feeling anxious, jumpy, irritable, grouchy, or angry. My anxiety has gotten much worse now that I don't have like my vapes to hit, but I feel like that's only gonna be temporary. Feeling frustrated, stuttered, depressed, always. Trouble sleeping, yes and no, depends on the day, but some days I get the lid really cannot fall asleep. Trouble concentrating. The first couple days I have my head was like so brain foggy. Like I didn't know what I was saying. Tired restless or bored, tired 100% like I'm so freaking tired, like worse than ever. Increased appetite, no, like I had no appetite. Like I got my appetite back literally yesterday. I was eating like one meal for like two weeks straight and that's probably why I felt sick. But like I literally was so notches I could not eat. Constipation, gas or that, you know, you guys know I have IBS so you guys can assume that one. Hot cough, dry mouth, sore throat, and nasal drip. No, I will say I, my throat hurt for a couple days like recently and I was sneezing, but I didn't have the rest of that. And chest tightness, oh my god, I literally thought I was in the ER because my chest hurts so bad. So has it been fun for me to quit? No, I've hated every second of this and sometimes I just think that like it'd be better if I just kept doing it, but I keep telling myself in the long run, like in the next two weeks it'll be a month and I'm like, all right, maybe it'll be worth it. So right now I literally don't see a difference other than I literally feel like dog shit and I'm so tired and everything just sucks right now. Like there's literally no improvement of anything. Like honestly, I feel so like so shined. But I just need a reality guys. Hopefully in the next two weeks things will turn out and like get better, but we'll see. We're, so that's not too extra on though. You're probably gonna be like wondering why I just so hit one then if it's so shitty. I'm like committed to quitting and I'm like, I'm only thinking like it's gonna get better eventually. So yeah, quit, I don't know what the positive side is yet, but just quit."
" Day two of Quidday and Xtine. I actually did not vape at not even a single time yesterday Um, I feel not bad honestly. I don't like have a headache or anything like that. I just feel Yesterday when I wasn't busy. I was feeling like very Like an itching feeling to vape like it was just bothering me so much Um, but other than that like and then I was also a little bit agitated and grumpy yesterday, but Today I don't feel too bad. I'm not as itching for vape as I was yesterday You know, I kind of have a purpose to quit though. So it's kind of Easier maybe for me to quit because I need to quit not because I just want to as bad as that sounds, but yeah I'm feeling good. My doctor's point minutes today. So I'll keep you guys updated with Everything but we're feeling okay. I bought a lot of candy yesterday. I ran to the dollar-amma before work I bought like a bunch of suckers, jolly ranchers, gum Just a bunch of things to help with the cravings And honestly, I'm doing okay. So Yeah Day two of quitting nicotine. Um, I feel okay. Honestly, I do not have a headache I did yesterday have a like a very bad like itching to vape But I did make it through without vaping once yesterday. So today I'm feeling a lot better I read that I just have to make it to past day three and then you're craving subside substantially, so I feel like we can do it. Um, I kind of have to do it So that's why it's easier. I think this time, but I'm still like I'm agitated and irritated all that kind of stuff But today I'm feeling a lot better. I did buy lots of candy yesterday. I bought like suckers Jolly ranchers gum a bunch of stuff just to help with the cravings Yeah, and my doctor's point minutes today At like eight at night after work because I work today And yeah, let's Hope for the best. I'm still doing okay. I'm feeling very fatigued Entire today. I think it's because I did not sleep maybe last night. I don't know I was kind of just since I've been like I found out I was pregnant. It's kind of just like I've been Getting up at every hour like and I'm been really hot at night like very hot and bloated and gassy"
" You know, it's an alcoholic I talk about, you know, some warning signs, you know, like DUIs and a cul-de-sac, things like that. The idea of, you know, have you been through it to talk about it and see, you know, this is what you go through, heart surgery, you know, alcohol. So I went to rehab in wine country just to keep my options open. And the idea of, you know, there's the things you got to talk about. What do you have? You got your own vineyard. Oh yes, that's like Gandhi owning a delicate vessel. You know, what do you do? This is not for my consumption. So you were dry for 20 years. Yes. Why did you fall off? I was in a little town in Alaska, wasn't the end of the world, but you can see it from there. You know, it was like all of a sudden I thought, I could drink. It's also that same thought you have if you look off a large building and go, I can fly. And within a week it was like, you know, gone. And now, you know, I realize I can't. So that was the gift, you know. How vividly can you remember falling into the trap in the first place was Kerkain and alcohol? I don't vividly remember anything from that. It's like there is this thing for alcoholics called a blackout, which isn't really a blackout. It's more like sleepwalking with activities. And I believe it's your conscience going into a witness protection program going, we're about to have sex with a hobbit. I've got to go now. Good luck. I'm checking out. I'm leaving the body on. We're not going to remember anything. Good luck to you, Taki. But do you remember getting into it? Getting into it? No, I remember the whole thing. It was very gradual. This is fun. And you're off. You know, you're off and running. And then the alcohol kicked in the side and then eventually realized I can't. I remember starving it on my own because I was about to have a son. And I didn't want to be cooked up going, hey, dad loves you. Here's a little switch. I'm going to throw up on you. You know, you don't want to be like that. And I had to kind of go, but I did it alone. So that was why it was, you know, 20 years without any help. Of course there are people who would say, what did you have in the Kerkain? Yeah, it's a bit redundant. You're as fast without it as the heaviest Kerkain any. Yeah, yeah, it's a weird thing. But I think I did it because it would actually allow me not to talk. It was like, you know, reverse medication. You know, why they give riddling hyperactive children is that idea of kind. Oh, okay, I don't have to talk to people. I kind of shut you down. Which is the word self-medication. And I've read that you've written John Belushi's this from an overdose. That scares me. I've been in a real show for a while. Totally. But more importantly, my son, I think that was the beginning of kind of, you know, thinking outside the box of, you've got a responsibility. It's more than you. How hard was it to break the grip of the second child around? I'm not hard once you go to rehab. I mean, real happy. Yeah, that's the beginning of kind of, you know, the ideas you got to surrender. You got to just say, I can't do it because, you know, I went to rehab with a lot of doctors and psychiatrists. And the more intelligent you think you are, the harder just to let go. I think I've got a solution. I was just drinking a little bit. It's like saying, I'll just partially circumsise myself. I'll be fine. And then you have to go, no, you lose. You can't do it. You need help. And at that point, that's the beginning. And then, you know, once you do that, you're out and running."
" So, as of today, I have not had a cigarette in four days, 17 hours and seven minutes. I only know that because I've an app that tracks it. But I have smoked pretty much for 20 years, except like when I was pregnant, but it's easy when you're carrying a baby, like, not to do it. Clearly, you're smoking is bad and you don't want to, because yeah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. I know all that, but it's also very, very hard to quit. So, a friend of mine at work, we're like, hey, she's gonna want to quit. I'm gonna quit. Like, we're gonna do this together. She's like, let's take a champax, which I guess is, like, it's a pill, which I guess. Like, I take it. It's a pill and you take it twice a day. You get it from a prescription from your doctor, whatever. So, I've been taking that and it works and it curves your cravings. So, like, if you've ever wanted to quit smoking, and you always try to do it like cold turkey, like, which is what I've tried to do, and that doesn't work, this pill seems to be working. There's no cravings. The hardest part is, the getting used, like, I would get up in the morning, I'd have a coffee and I'd go outside and have a cigarette. So, like, I've stopped drinking coffee right now, which is probably why I'm really tired. Or, like, the afternoon, I always, like, two o'clock, I'd go out to work and have a cigarette. So, it's like trying to replace the routine of it. But otherwise, I feel pretty good, except that the tampax is mixing with the medication that I take for, like, anxiety and depression and ADHD, which I think is also why I am feeling so much more down than normal, which is why it's a lot harder for me to get out of this slump. But, like, at least I've recognized it, so it's good. And I'm forcing myself to, like, get up and do some stuff around the house. And then I get to go to the dentist. Yeah, so, anyways, there's no point to this. But I was gonna tell you, if you wanted to quit, I would highly recommend using tampax. It seems to work so far. I still want, like, you know, some people are still getting on my nerves, but overall, good report so far. I'll let you know in another four days. Or when I make it to day 10, I'll see. Hopefully, I've also eaten a lot because I was like, well, I could go and buy pack of cigarettes or I can get this thing of ice cream. And then I would just eat the whole thing of ice cream. So, once we've gotten that down, we've got to get back to eating healthy and not feeling like shit. Hey, that's all. Happy Friday."
" Okay, I'm sure I knew what the hell was going on with my hair, but I don't. And I was gonna fix it and I was gonna like do all that shit, so I would look more presentable, but that would be fake. This is real life and this is like, this is your girl's journey day three. Okay, we're doing it. It's 11.30 right now. I gotta leave at 1.30 to go get the kids from school. They get out early every Friday. Perhaps take my meds, so let's do that before. That's probably why I'm so slow this morning. I don't know, it's weird. I feel like I'm going through a loop of emotions. I woke up this morning and had so much fucking energy. It was odd. I am not a morning person, but I was like singing and dancing. When I say good morning to my kids, seeing in the shower and like singing which I usually always do anyway, but I don't know. For like day three of quitting baby and I'm just, I'm not questioning it. I'm not. Let's take our meds because I'm a lot, I'm, I am all over the place right now. It's not, it's not good. Push in 30 and I still hate swallowing pills. That'll never fucking change. And I used to pop them for fun. Sorry, I'm sucking on a lifesaver also. You could never pay me enough money. It's a go-on buy. One of those Stanley Tumblr's like, no. Staying hydrated, but I just, I need another coffee. I don't care. Just trying to get through this. I feel like I'm a lot better today than I was yesterday, but I'm like still trying to reach for the vape. I don't know when that's going to go away. Coffee is ass. I still, I was really scared that my mental health was going to like tank after quitting baby. But honestly, my mental health has been so good this like past almost a year. So I'm, I feel okay. I don't feel like I'm going to fucking like die. You know what I'm saying? So I wanted to touch on my video where I talked about spending quality time with your kids and like putting their phone away. Both my kids had their parent-teacher conferences on Monday, and their teachers told me they shared with the class that their favorite thing to do when they're at home is spending time with their moms and playing games. And I just like wanted to cry. It's a little reminder that it does impact them more than we think it does. You're just told me that most kids will say like their favorite thing to do is, you know, play video games or whatever. I don't know. I just thought it was really sweet that my kids genuinely do love the little changes we've made in our house to make sure that they know that they're loved and that we get to spend quality time together. So with that being said, my kids are having a sleepover at their grandma's house this weekend. So your girl gets a night out. Apparently I'm coming out of retirement from the rave scene. I'm going to see extigin for like the 20th time. Thought my days of ravean were over, but we're gonna go have fun. I'm not gonna have a vape though, so I don't know. That will be its own update."
" Okay guys, so I have had an abundance of people tell me how bad vaping is and like crazy stories of like friends like having aneurysms and being on like a breathing machine and being like worse off than they would if they would have just continued to smoke. So back story, I started smoking when I was like 21 years old, dumb, dumb decision, so dumb. It is what it is, can't beat myself up for it. I quit smoking two, well almost three years ago when I got pregnant with Murphy and I went over to a vape. And I've been vaping for three years, okay? So I got on the vape to quit smoking. Well now all these stories are coming out about it being worse for you than cigarettes. So I'm trying to figure it out, okay? I'm trying to figure out how to drop it all together because I'm really sick of spending money on it. I don't really enjoy it. That's actually why I actually do enjoy it. But I'm trying to tell myself I don't, okay? Because I know it's horrible. So I let Whitley throw all my vapes away today and um, the backpack of smokes. I'm going to wean myself down. Because with the cigarettes I don't want them, so I feel like it'll be easier to come off of it. Whereas with vapes I want it and I don't want to wean off of it. You know what I mean? It's like I have them in the house. And I really think these taste awful and they stink and it makes me feel like trash. So my hope is that I will be easier to eventually like cut it all out. So like six, five, four, three, two, one, done. Good. Kind of thing. Anyway, if you have a better option, let me know. Because why ever thought this was breaking cute is beyond me. It was not worth losing weight. It actually didn't even make me lose weight. But I'm like, am I in the mental state to cut myself off of nicotine five kids deep? I don't know. I don't freaking know. Here's your sign. Don't ever start. I've also been like praying that God gives me the strength not to take my habit away because it was my choice to do the habit was my choice to continue the habit is my choice also to get the habit up. I saw someone post that the other day and that was like a beautiful thing because it's like it's so relatable and so it makes so much sense like why we like pray for things to happen. And they don't happen is because it's like we have to do the work right. Like God didn't make me pick up a cigarette and start smoking it. However many years ago, like almost 10 years ago. Oh my gosh. I'm old. Anyway, just for strength and for discipline. And I think that I quit a lot of things. I quit drugs. I've quit an eating disorder. I quit battery relationships. I can do this. I can do this. Made of strong shit. And now I taste awful. So I'm gonna go brush my teeth and wash my hands. I'm gonna get real sick of this."
" Okay, hey, I just wanted to address some comments that was in the comment section of that video So say a lot of views. It was a lot of comments So I couldn't comment back to everybody and then I had failed asleep. So here I am. Okay, so CPS is different in each day Never I live in Louisiana. I live in Alexandria, Louisiana. I smoked with my three year old The whole entire pregnancy. I smoked the morning. I was even supposed to give birth and I didn't even know I was supposed to give birth I went in for a stress test. I Went in to get Evaluate then in an ultrasound and they found out that he wrapped it up in the bill Concord and went ahead and took them out. That was at 35 weeks 35 weeks and one day They never never never never said anything about taking my baby Throughout my whole pregnancy, I went to my Obgy and to get my my monthly and every two week ultrasound and It was fine. I literally pee for him and I was dirty each time The most he did was gave me a pamphlet on how to stop smoking and that was all he did He didn't say stop smoking you didn't say none of that because he knew with Jonah I couldn't eat it all with this baby. I could eat every now and then I mean I'm only three months I've lost 21 pounds so far. I was one I was like 140 something when I got pregnant and I'm like 127 so I lost almost 20 pounds with this pregnancy But he said if I don't pick up when I'm 20 at least 20 weeks I only 13 weeks right now so he said if I don't pick up once I make 20 weeks He will try to go a different route maybe give me something to help me eat or he may just give me a week cord Let me go buy some weed so I can smoke and get high and you know Eat but yeah, I've been trying to eat to pick up weight though naturally because I really don't want to start smoking because I want to breastfeed This baby see but I see some people in the comments said they bet breastfed and smoked with a baby I just was so scared and paranoid. I would I wouldn't breastfeed John I wouldn't hit and buy the bottle fit my three year old So yeah, with this one. I just want to stop guys. It was no like I If it get too rough for me, I'm gonna start back. I'm not gonna lie. I'm gonna start back I don't care about none of these people in them comments Like this girl say it's Jesus real. Yeah, you blocked because what the fuck is you talking about? So yeah, I just want to address some of those comments. Yeah, I'm gonna be scared if you got now hard drugs I don't know about it. I Never took no hard drugs vaping. I stopped immediately I stopped immediately once he told me he can mess up my baby's heart I He just want to hit and stop vaping. I didn't want to vape anymore. No, no, no, no So the but that was giving me headaches and stuff too So once that calm down at the moment, I was like okay, I'm good on vaping I don't even feel the need to vape but when I was coupling with the vacant of the vaping with straws I was eating a lot of gum. So that will help you if you're a pregnant person and you're trying to stop vaping Try to eat gum and keep yourself occupied at the time you start thinning forward, you know Because I was a heavy smoker and I was a heavy vapor before I got pregnant So I just want to clear something that up but yes, some of the people in the comments I wouldn't even argue with them because at some point Just mind your fucking business"
" As a woman, here's now, seven months pregnant. I actually think about this a lot, and I would love to talk about it. I've been a very steady drinker and a continued user for probably like the last five years. And honestly, in probably like the year leading up to finding out I was pregnant, I was like drinking much more heavily than I ever have before. If you hear whining, he really wants me to play with him, but... Basically, the day I found out I was pregnant, I... It only took a couple hours for me and my boyfriend to decide that we wanted to keep this baby. And I had always looked for a reason to... Step, you know, change my lifestyle and stop the partying and drinking lifestyle, because I felt like dog shit every single day. And getting pregnant is no... That's no reason to get pregnant. You should never get pregnant because you want so sobriety motivation. But I will say, nothing I've ever tried has worked. I think mainly just out of like, if there was never like a reason for me to stop using nicotine and drinking so much, I was like, why would I? But so I really thought that it would be like much more difficult to quit everything cold turkey. But I think the like the second I decided I wanted to keep this baby, it really set in that like I don't want anything going wrong. And like, motherly instincts is definitely real. And I like feel a huge sense of responsibility over like the quality of life for... Because it is my responsibility. So yeah, basically the second I found out I was pregnant, I stopped everything. I would say like, it was hard for maybe like a week, just because everyone I'm around was... Not getting like fucked up, but you know like drinking casually and like hitting the jewel and stuff. And that was difficult for literally like a week. And now that it's been what like six months since I found out, I like can't even imagine even like when the baby comes, I can't say whether or not I'll like want to have a casual drink every once in a while, but I like to think that maybe I wouldn't because this is like the best I've ever felt in my life. And yeah, I think for you know, it's harder for some people. I'm not speaking for everyone. And like addiction is really real and valid, but for me, I think that like the second I found out it was just no question. And it hasn't been a problem for me at all. And I haven't had a single drink or any type of nicotine since then. It's a people are like, you can have a glass of wine here and there. I am on Medicaid and I can't, I'm not taking any risks. So also I have a midwife throughout this whole thing. I'm doing like a home birth situation. Don't care your opinion on that. But I started seeing her right when I found out I was pregnant as well. And so yeah, she has me on all kinds of shit like different vitamins and stuff and um, yeah, I think that just like once it's happening to you, everything is really real and like you don't even really feel for me at least. I don't even feel the need to be drinking or going out ever because something so much more important is happening."
" The best time to stop smoking was yesterday. The next best time to stop smoking is today. We all know smoking is not great for a number of reasons, but there's actually one that's important for women and men alike and that's fertility because smoking can have a really, really big impact on it. For women, smoking can cause irregular menstrual cycles, hormonal imbalances, ectopic pregnancies, a lot of things that are not great. For men, smoking affects from quality and quantity. Focusing is not an easy habit to break, which is why so many people are always saying, I'm gonna stop smoking, but then something stressful happens and then they revert back to smoking again. And there's a reason for that because for a lot of people, smoking is something that's comfort that brings them a constant in times of stress. And so there is a lot of re-riaring that needs to be done in your brain and also habits need to be shifted so you can revert to something else when life is stressful instead of smoking. But if you've tried to smoke many times and always failed, fear not because there is a natural solution for it, rooted in science that's called self-emnosis. Yes, you heard that right. Self-emnosis can change your self-conscious mind to change your habits and patterns to finally stop smoking for good. Smoking is not just a physical addiction but more so a mental and emotional addiction and self-emnosis can help you get really deep into your self-conscious minds to get to the root causes of why you're actually smoking and then we wire that in your brain so you can use a different habit with the same outcome. So if you're curious of wanting to start you smoking self-emnosis journey, then comment down below and let us know and we'll send you a free trial to try."
" I appreciate the way that this question was asked. I don't think it came from a place of disrespect or bullying. And I think this is the first time I've seen this type of question from a positive side. So I'm going to answer it. We smoked during pregnancy because nicotine is an addiction. It is an addiction that we've probably had, that most pregnant women have probably had for a very long time before we're becoming pregnant. We're thinking about pregnancy. Smoking is not easy. Just walk away from. I am looking into a support group, which I have an appointment for on Wednesday to see if that can help me maybe to quit a little bit quicker than what I'm already working on. But the biggest issue with nicotine, especially if you have other kids, and if you're the primary caretaker of those children is that right around day two or three, you become a royal bitch. Because nicotine is, that's your, I'm getting really bitchy. I'm getting really antsy. I'm going to freak out. You go smoke a cigarette. Come back in here. You're doing a million times better. So if you just up and quit cold turkey, you end up becoming a royal bitch, which is very unfair to your other children. And that can last for days or even weeks versus if you take the time to cut back. So I was smoking a little over half a pack a day six months ago, because I started this actually long before I got pregnant. And I've been cutting back and cutting back and cutting back. I was at just under half a pack a day a few months ago. And I cut back as much as I can. And I go back up, but I do track what I'm smoking, how often I'm smoking, that kind of stuff. It helps me to basically hold myself accountable for what I'm doing. But nicotine is a very difficult addiction to walk away from. There is not a lot of help to quit. The things that are supposed to help are usually a higher nicotine concentration than your body is used to. And therefore, can when you, if it doesn't work, you end up smoking more than you did prior to trying that thing. I've tried patches, I've tried lozenges, I've tried gum, I've tried all of that, it doesn't work. I need to cut back until I can quit. So that is my goal right now. That is what I'm working on. I appreciate the way that you stated this question. And no one would choose to smoke during pregnancy. It's literally an addiction. And we all do the best that we can. And I don't support smoking during pregnancy, but what I do support is that every mother has a right to just do her best. And if that means cutting back instead of quitting, then I'm going to do what I can to help her feel better about her choices. Because women need to support women period, no matter what your opinion is."
" Good morning, good morning, beautiful people. How you doing today? Trust you've been good. So quick in our car chronicles today, I will just touch on smoking during pregnancy. All our mamas, this is for you. Smoking in pregnancy, it's a no-no. Smoking has been linked to brain, inflammation, tissue, inflammation, why the baby is still in utero. Smoking delays pregnancy growth, the baby growth, and when baby is born, there may be some inflammation in that baby. Baby may have cleft lip, many lip did not join and there is a gap in there. And also smoking around the house, around the baby's little kids, has been linked to recurrent ear infection and upper earways infection. Many they will be going in and out of the hospital in and out of daughter's office. So all our expense and models, this is for you. You know, smoking can be on hold. Actually, you can quit. Why are you trying to bring forth life? Okay, if anyone is smoking in the house, now is the time to let them know that they cannot do that. If you want to have a healthy baby, you will have to quit smoking. And they have to quit smoking around you in the house. When baby, when kids or little kids keep having recurrent ear infection, that might lead to hearing damage for them. They may end up with ear tubes and they're going to keep going in and out of the hospital. Okay, so, you know, why not do what you can to protect your babies? You know, just, I'm put your own, you know, guilty pleasure or anything on hold, just to take care of it, you know, take care of pregnancy and bring forth healthy baby. This hard stuff that you can do, you have power to control, you have power to do. If you need help quitting, smoking, talk to your providers, they add medication, they add patches that we can use to help you get over the hump, why you quit. And if you want to do it, quote, talk to your kids. Hey, you can do it. But if anyone smokes around you in the house, you need to let them know they cannot do it. It's a no-no because you want to bring forth healthy baby. Okay, that's all I have for you today. Remember, your safety, your health is my priority. Okay, just looking out for you. All right, so thank you everybody. You have a wonderful day and be safe. Take care, bye-bye."
" My dad neglected me for his narcissistic wife who wants to get rid of me. Now that they have a son they want me to move out. My dad and my mom separated a long time ago because my mom messed around a lot with substances. Her pregnancy was very high risk because she found it really hard to quit smoking and drinking. My dad made her quick cold turkey, but he would always find her with a drink in hand. I didn't suffer a lot for it, but it definitely messed me up. When my mom gave birth, my dad went through with a divorce and got full custody of me. Since it was just us for a long time, I got very used to his presence and being the only girl in his life. He was a very busy man but he always made time to watch movies with me, take me on vacation out of state, we even went to Disney World once. It was amazing with it just being the two of us. But then Nina came into the picture. Nina was my dad's wife whom he married five years ago. I'll admit I didn't like her. She stole my dad away all the time. She would constantly want to go on dates with him so I had to stay with a babysitter or by myself when I got older. It got really lonely and I missed spending time with my dad. It seemed like Nina had it out for me and wanted him to start a new life with him and without me. She never even tried to bond with me. My dad would push for us to do girly things together, but Nina would always say she's too tired or say she already had plans. I got the hint and stopped involving myself with her. Because of this distance between us, my dad started to forget I existed. He would make dinner for the two of us and he got into the habit of only making portions for two. This meant that whenever he cooked, I would have to eat some leftovers or heat up some frozen food because Nina would always eat all of it. I've tried to talk to my dad about it, but he says I'm young and still trying to adjust to this life. I told him it's been five years already, I should be used to it by now, but things only. Get worse because Nina hates me. He tried to tell me that Nina was also struggling to adjust to having a daughter so I should cut her some slack. Since then, I stopped confiding in my dad because he never took my problems seriously. I also had no other support to fall back on because we moved away from my grandparents when my dad married Nina. His family also didn't get along with Nina because I used to tell them how she treated me when we still lived close to them. This caused a lot of problems and we had to move away, which I'm still sad about to this day. I didn't know this for a while, but my dad and Nina were trying to have a child but couldn't. They kept this a secret from me so right off of that they weren't onto a good start. Then, they used a sperm donor because my dad found out he couldn't have any more kids. With that came along my half-brother Mark. Sharing my dad with Nina was already a lost cause and now I had to share him with a sibling too. It really felt like Nina was trying to keep me out of this family since she was really pushing on the two of them having kids. I mean my dad felt like a miracle since Mark was born. We used to spend two days a week together without Nina, but he told me he couldn't do that anymore with a new baby in the house. He explained that he couldn't leave his wife alone for two days a week with a newborn. I was obviously very angry about it because Nina had taken so much away from me. I kept distancing myself from them and they didn't even bother to check up on me. I wasn't seeking attention, but they hadn't heard from me or seen me in nearly a week and my dad never asked about it. Well, three days ago, he finally talked to me but it wasn't for the reason I wanted. I thought he was going to tell me he wanted to hang out with me like we used to or just have a nice conversation with me, but no. Him and Nina had decided to make a nursery for Mark instead of having him in their bedroom. I asked what was the problem with that and he said they just wanted their privacy. So our home has two master bedrooms and two bedrooms on the other side of the house. Those two bedrooms are empty so it was perfect for Mark, except Nina thought it was also difficult to go to the other side of the house multiple times at night when Mark woke up. I said that's why they should have him in their room, but my dad suggested something so much better. He wanted me to give up my master bedroom for this little baby. It wasn't up for negotiation either, he wanted me to pack my stuff up and move out of my room. I didn't even try to fight it because I had enough. I just said okay and started packing. I overheard him telling Nina that I had agreed and she got so happy. She started talking about how she would redecorate my room, rid the walls of the ugly paint color I had chosen, and just leave no trace of me ever being in that bedroom. I was pissed and called my uncle to come pick me up. When he came, I saw him talking to my dad and I just said, you can give my room to your son now, and we left. He texted me that I could only stay for one night, but I told my uncle I needed as much time apart from them as possible. I explained the whole situation to him, how Nina hates me, my dad won't listen to me anymore, and this new kid is replacing me. He let me stay for nearly a week. In that time, I saw my grandparents and I also told them everything. They were not happy at all and called my dad to tell him how bad of a father he is, along with some other names. I heard my dad say he didn't trust their judgment because I'm obviously the favorite so of course they're going to take my side. I was sad that was his whole take away on this whole thing. It wasn't just about taking my side. It's about how I've been neglected ever since Nina entered into our lives and he refuses to see that."
" Things I will not allow when my baby is born. Number one, kiss my baby. Whether y'all believe it or not, they're still covered around. They're still sickness wandering around. And people get cold sores and not tell anybody about it and just kiss random babies. So for my child safety, that will not happen. Even if you're a family member. Cause it's my baby what I say goes. Number two, Pitches from birth, to be posted before me. First of all, it's my kid. I want to be able to show the news and show that I deliver the baby. I don't want even family members doing that. It's just a pet peeve. Number three, anyone who didn't support be there as calming the baby we're doing or help me out and pregnancy will not be around my baby. I am not the time to hold a grudge. But when it comes to my mental health and my baby, I'm gonna say something. Cause if you're a family member or were a close friend of mine, you would simply ask how I'm doing. Or ask how the baby's doing. Or ask if I need anything. Or ask if I wanted to talk to somebody. Cause I've been spreading awareness about pregnancy depression and it's very real. So just someone who is apparently close to me or who is family to not ask or be there, it's just, yeah. Number four, hold my baby in the shirt. You smoke to cigarette in. See a lot of parents do this. I simply don't want my baby to smell that or be around that. Number five is basically the same thing as number four will not vape or smoke around my baby. I just don't want my kids smelling that stuff and I don't want my kid being around that. Number six, do not show up. I announced on my doorstep after coming home from the hospital. You have to ask one of the two parents of the baby. See this has been a pet peeve from the start. Like I don't like when someone shows up by my door and doesn't ask me or text me first if they can come over. Like if I just come from the hospital and you show up, that's just interrupting my focus on the baby. Which is the time to learn how to take care of my baby. If I need help, I will simply ask. Number seven is mess up my feeding schedule. If you are gonna babysit my baby, I'm gonna have a schedule just like any other pair. And if I see that you mess up the schedule or mess up the sleep in schedule, I'm gonna give Matt. Cause this is my baby. Like you don't need to mess up my child schedule. See, I don't know if I'm ever gonna let people babysit my baby this. I don't know, I don't know."
" My dad neglected me for his narcissistic wife who wants to get rid of me. Now that they have a son they want me to move out. My dad and my mom separated a long time ago because my mom messed around a lot with substances. Her pregnancy was very high risk because she found it really hard to quit smoking and drinking. My dad made her quick cold turkey, but he would always find her with a drink in hand. I didn't suffer a lot for it, but it definitely messed me up. When my mom gave birth, my dad went through with a divorce and got full custody of me. Since it was just us for a long time, I got very used to his presence and being the only girl in his life. He was a very busy man but he always made time to watch movies with me, take me on vacation out of state, we even went to Disney World once. It was amazing with it just being the two of us. But then Nina came into the picture. Nina was my dad's wife whom he married five years ago. I'll admit I didn't like her. She stole my dad away all the time. She would constantly want to go on dates with him so I had to stay with a babysitter or by myself when I got older. It got really lonely and I missed spending time with my dad. It seemed like Nina had it out for me and wanted him to start a new life with him and without me. She never even tried to bond with me. My dad would push for us to do girly things together, but Nina would always say she's too tired or say she already had plans. I got the hint and stopped involving myself with her. Because of this distance between us, my dad started to forget I existed. He would make dinner for the two of us and he got into the habit of only making portions for two. This meant that whenever he cooked, I would have to eat some leftovers or heat up some frozen food because Nina would always eat all of it. I've tried to talk to my dad about it, but he says I'm young and still trying to adjust to this life. I told him it's been five years already, I should be used to it by now, but things only. Get worse because Nina hates me. He tried to tell me that Nina was also struggling to adjust to having a daughter so I should cut her some slack. Since then, I stopped confiding in my dad because he never took my problems seriously. I also had no other support to fall back on because we moved away from my grandparents when my dad married Nina. His family also didn't get along with Nina because I used to tell them how she treated me when we still lived close to them. This caused a lot of problems and we had to move away, which I'm still sad about to this day. I didn't know this for a while, but my dad and Nina were trying to have a child but couldn't. They kept this a secret from me so right off of that they weren't onto a good start. Then, they used a sperm donor because my dad found out he couldn't have any more kids. With that came along my half brother Mark. Sharing my dad with Nina was already a lost cause and now I had to share him with a sibling too. It really felt like Nina was trying to keep me out of this family since she was really pushing on the two of them having kids. Seeing my dad felt like a miracle since Mark was born. We used to spend two days a week together without Nina, but he told me he couldn't do that anymore with a new baby in the house. He explained that he couldn't leave his wife alone for two days a week with a newborn. I was obviously very angry about it because Nina had taken so much away from me. I kept distancing myself from them and they didn't even bother to check up on me. I wasn't seeking attention, but they hadn't heard from me or seen me in nearly a week and my dad never asked about it. Well, three days ago, he finally talked to me but it wasn't for the reason I wanted. I thought he was going to tell me he wanted to hang out with me like we used to or just have a nice conversation with me, but no. Him and Nina had decided to make a nursery for Mark instead of having him in their bedroom. I asked what was the problem with that and he said they just wanted their privacy. So, our home has two master bedrooms and two bedrooms on the other side of the house. Those two bedrooms are empty so it was perfect for Mark, except Nina thought it was also difficult to go to the other side of the house multiple times at night when Mark woke up. I said that's why they should have him in their room, but my dad suggested something so much better. He wanted me to give up my master bedroom for this little baby. It wasn't up for negotiation either, he wanted me to pack my stuff up and move out of my room. I didn't even try to fight it because I had enough. I just said okay and started packing. I overheard him telling Nina that I had agreed and she got so happy. She started talking about how she would redecorate my room, rid the walls of the ugly pink color I had chosen, and just leave no trace of me ever being in that bedroom. I was pissed and called my uncle to come pick me up. When he came, I saw him talking to my dad and I just said, you can give my room to your son now, and we left. He texted me that I could only stay for one night, but I told my uncle I needed as much time apart from them as possible. I explained the whole situation to him, how Nina hates me, my dad won't listen to me anymore, and this new kid is replacing me. He let me stay for nearly a week. In that time, I saw my grandparents and I also told them everything. They were not happy at all and called my dad to tell him how bad of a father he is, along with some other names. I heard my dad say he didn't trust their judgment because I'm obviously the favorite so of course they're going to take my side. I was sad that was his whole take away on this whole thing. It wasn't just about taking my side. It's about how I've been neglected ever since Nina entered into our lives and he refuses to see that."
" Meet 23-year-old admin assistant Amy Cook. It's cute though, isn't it? Oh, my God. It's my damn brooder. In five months' time, she's going to be a mum. I think I'm... I just can't wait. It's an exciting time with baby gloves to buy. I really like that one, so I think I'm so cute. And dad to be Andy, fiting over her at home. Oh, yeah. But not everything's perfect. For the past four months, Amy's unborn baby has been puffing on 15 cigarettes a day. When I have a scan and seeing the baby move in, I'm really going to jet here, cut for it. Well, it's not doing no damage to the baby and just carried on as normal, really. Just like every day. Sigger it. I've got a cigarette. There's just no stopping this dedicated chain smoker. Why? I love my mind in cigarette. I can't imagine what I'm thinking about a cigarette. I won't go to work. And Amy can't see herself quitting anytime soon. Why? What I feel like at the minute is that you just put me in a straight jacket and locked me away. I go mad. It's time for work, but their smoke-free office car contain Amy and smoking-buddy Darren for long. You need to go show them that some more sense. And with a baby on the way, her constant smoking breaks have shocked her colleagues. But you get fun with what we are. I've been a few comments of people, I don't know how I want to do this, not smoking. But still, I think I've got to deal with you. Why? By lunchtime, Amy's well on her way to smoking her usual 15 fags. And that means, baby, too. Everyone in Amy's life smokes, including her mum Jenny and her 20-day boyfriend Andy. Stop stressing. Because the stress will do more damage and cigarette. I keep thinking that thousands and millions of people don't do smoke when they're pregnant. I smoke when I'm having all of you. And it's none of you have ever been poorly or anything. So don't stress. There's one family member who is concerned. Non-smoking sister-in-law Claire, who's also pregnant. How many are just smoking a day? About 10. So why not? 10 to 15. That's shocking, Amy. I know. No, that is really shocking. So I will give up as soon as possible. I really do. You had given up 15 weeks ago by now if you was that determined. I've tried a couple of times, but it just doesn't work. It does work. It's called willpower. And you've got willpower. And you've got willpower. And you've got your baby and doing your best you can for it. I haven't got any willpower. I really haven't. With her baby arriving soon, Amy definitely needs to wake up to the risk of smoking while pregnant. Tomorrow she meets her specialist smoking cessation midwife."
" X smokers, how did you overcome your addiction to cigarettes? So it all started with my mother. She smoked most of her life. She definitely didn't let up when she was pregnant with me. I was born under weight, as is typical. I was breastfed, and then she tried to wean me. I started having startling symptoms. Shaking, screaming. She thought I was having a seizure. Dr. Set I was going through nicotine withdrawal as a baby. I was jonesing for my nicotine fixed to the point I'd bully my younger brother off the honker. I got at least a good two solid years of breastfeeding, monopolizing it to the point where my mom got so sick of breastfeeding that she took my brother off early. Smoking was in the house constantly. I always wanted to sit by mommy when she smoked. The fumes were a part of my life. I started officially smoking at 12. All my friends coughing? Evan casuals, I ripped the filters off because that's how mommy do. I moved on from those Virginia slums to Marborough with the filters ripped off. By the time I was 16 I decided to come out with my habit to my mother because I figured only an idiot couldn't tell I was a smoker. I mean, she could even smell it because of the brand change. Well, she cried, yelled and I was just staring at her dump-founded. She tried her best to make me feel like a worthless, weak piece of crap for picking up this habit that she tried so hard to shield me from and that she raised me better. Then she lights a cigarette up and says look how much you've stressed me out. This is coming from the woman that when I begged her to quit when I was younger she screamed in my face that this was one thing in her life that she could enjoy. So, she verbally and emotionally abuses me from this point out. Her room smells disgusting because you smoke. I'm going to start smoking outside because I don't want this house to smell like crap. Yeah that lasted a week. Anyways I turned 18 soon after. I officially and legally can smoke. Mom. Start sending me off to pick up the smokes. When life gives lemons you make lemonade I guess. She also never, never let me off the hook. Always had something to say about me smoking and how she wasn't as bad. I smoked those menthol ones for a bit. Started coughing up lead. Decided to stop those. I stopped eating much. I then lived off of cigarettes and Dr. Pepper. Leading to me dropping to 94 pounds. So then I turned 19. I met a guy who doesn't smoke. I decided that year I'm going to quit. My mom, desperate to somehow keep on some level with me, so she's going to do it too. Well my boyfriend helped me quit, I used the patches for about two weeks. Then I just got effing tired of using them so I stopped them and went cold turkey. My mom fell off the wagon and tried to hide it from me but with me getting my sense of smell back, as well as her coughing up chunks of tar, I could smell it all over her. She then started trying to control my life more. She now doesn't want to let me go anywhere and says I have to stay home and watch my brother. I ran away from home when I was 20 and didn't talk to her a few years because she insisted on keeping the relationship toxic. I now haven't smoked in nearly 10 years. But I still dream of cigarettes. It's still a struggle. I think about going back to it all the time."
" Of course, making is bad for pregnancy, right? But why? Oh, okay, yeah. Tough one, right? There's so many things that we get told about in pregnancy. And you're like, yeah, but is there like little bad and big bad and which bad? And there's so many things you have to stop doing and modify your doing and can you just have a little bit more clarity on just how bad is bad? Right? Yeah, I get it. I understand. So yeah, welcome along. I'm Kathy Frey and I'm from Kathy Frey.com and I'm a semi-retired senior midwife and I'll be selling meds. A maternity author. So welcome along and if you want to check out more about information and resources available, you can go to Kathy Frey.com but also to the Motherways app. So just dub, dub, motherways.apb and that's our online premium prenatal education program. Which is awesome. But anyway, I digress. So smoking. All right. So yeah, look, there are just so many things that we're told to give up. And it's just nice to have a little bit more clarity on exactly how bad is bad. Okay. So there's two, basically there's two aspects of smoking. And it's really interesting to understand the science behind it all. Okay. So number one is nicotine. That if you are not prepared to go through nicotine with draw to yourself during the pregnancy, then that means that you are forcing your baby to go through nicotine with draw after it's born. Oh, that's a bit of a tough thing to put on a brand new person. Yeah. So your baby will go through several days or several weeks of normal nicotine with draw. So that's feeling sad, feeling irritable, feeling tired. What if headaches, you know, like it's not pleasant. So yeah, I can't recommend it enough that you go through it. Don't put your baby through it. Okay. That's the first thing. Second thing is super fascinating scientifically, I think. Okay. So what happens is that every hemoglobin molecule in our body has got four iron atoms on it. And those four iron atoms are what oxygen molecules attach to when we inhale. Right. So in hairline and four oxygen molecules are attaching to each iron atom in our hemoglobin molecules. And I made it a little bit for you. So here we go. You've got these four iron molecules, iron atoms, I should say, on each hemoglobin molecule. Now there's about 280 million hemoglobin molecules that make up each red blood cell, which means each red blood cell needs more than a billion iron atoms. And each red blood cell will have bonded to it when you inhale more than a billion oxygen molecules, like it's mind blowing, right. And that, by the way, explains why, you know, when you are pregnant, you know, by the time you get to the third trimester, you've got like up to almost one and a half times the blood circulating in your body of a non-pregnant you. And this is why so many women get iron depletion anemia in pregnancy, like so many, because they just had no, it's hard to appreciate just how huge, what huge amount of iron that you need in pregnancy. Okay, but yeah, I mean, you need over a billion iron atoms for every single red blood cell. So when you get an iron depletion anemia in pregnancy, you know, that's when you get tired and you feel weak and you get pale skin and you get shortness of breath, because there's not enough red blood cells to attach all those iron oxygen molecules to. You get dizzy, like, head illness, cold hands, cold feet, etc, etc. Anyway, okay, so go back to smoking. Carbon, why not carbon monoxide from cigarettes has a 200 to 300 times stronger bond to those iron atoms on the hemoglobin molecules that oxygen. So oxygen has to compete and it loses, it loses to carbon monoxide of cigarette. So that carbon monoxide, while you're smoking, like you basically, you're practically inhaling, bugger all oxygen, because you're inhaling carbon monoxide and that attaches. So you go from aerobic, meaning with oxygen metabolism to anaerobic, so that's without oxygen metabolism. And the effects continue for about 20 minutes or so after you're finished to cigarette. So if you say a cigarette takes 10 minutes and there's a 20 minute after effect, this is basically for 30 minutes or half an hour for every cigarette, your body is in oxygen deporation. And when you're pregnant, so is your baby. And the problem is, let's say, I don't know, if your body, if your baby dealt with that one time in 24 hours, it's okay, it probably wouldn't have a huge effect. But if you're smoking, say, you know, 10 cigarettes a day, that's five hours a day, your baby's in anaerobic, meaning without oxygen metabolism, five hours a day, that's a lot, right? And because it doesn't have oxygen to be able to do glycolysis or cellular respiration metabolism, it means it has to use its structure to do that rather than the oxygen. So it breaks down its own body to do it. So this is why these babies are born really skinny and weedy because they've had to break down their own body to continue their cellular metabolism in this oxygen deprived situation. And yet, not ideal, right? So you've got this really weedy, skinny baby. And I have to say, if we can visibly see what it does to a baby, which we do, what the heck is it done to its brain? Ooh, right? What does it do to a developing brain if you're having 10 cigarettes a day, so five hours a day, your baby's in oxygen deprivation, wouldn't it? It's trying to grow a brain? Okay, so look, that's a lot of reason, right? To give up. And look, my hand on heart, I'm not going to pretend that I'm some angel. I gave up smoking three times two, three pregnancies. I'm not asking you to stop smoking forever and ever and ever. I want you to stop smoking for your pregnancy, just like I did. Okay, you can do it. So here's I do smoke cigarettes. I might have, you know, a few socially a week, but I'm not a daily smoker. Anyway, enough of that. But I'm just saying it, I guess to, you know, fiss up until I say, I'm not some angel. I'm just saying, let's do what it takes. And, you know, you can do what it takes. Just as like I did what it takes. And there's going to be so many freaking things that we sacrifice for our children, you know, over the years. And it's just going to be one of many. So that's cool. We do what it takes, right? We do what it takes to give the best to our kids. So hopefully that you found that really interesting that it was like getting the science behind it, right? Yeah, so I want to wish you all the best for the rest of your day, rest of your week. And thanks for tuning in. And don't always don't hesitate to post up comments of any particular questions you've got. You know, we'll try and get those addressed. All right, everybody. See you."
My quick smoking update is I am in three more hours I will have 12 days under my belt so yeah 12 days smoke free I'm still enjoying coffee though however I kind of drink less coffee now I don't smoke so that's also a good thing I miss it I'm not gonna lie I miss it I miss it a lot but it is getting easier each day and I feel better than I've done it I always just made excuses why not to create I'm too stressed or you know any excuse that you can come up with but hardest times for me are like you know when I wake up having a coffee or like I got really stressed out recently and I was like back it and I was yeah to go and buy a packet but then like I just checked in with myself and what I suggest is like getting the app my quick buddy because it shows you how much money you're saving and that's like a real like incentive to me is the money even more so than my health I'm stupid but that's like I think I've already saved like over 400 bucks in 12 days so that's crazy and and yeah proud of myself oh another thing I wanted to mention is what I'm most worried about is quitting smoking is like eating more love I find myself like eating more snacks so that's not good I don't want to go down that path so like I'm gonna like really tighten up the um belt with that because I don't want to have to loosen the belt so yeah
" All right, sorry for the baby barf outtake, just keeping it real around here. Walking around with a Wells because he has not been put down today. But I wanted to share a patient's success story with you guys with the patient's permission of course. So, a couple months ago I got a phone call from a prospective patient kind of asking us how our practice worked. We explained to her that we do not build insurance, our practice functions like a gym membership. It's $80 a month, that covers everything she needs from us, right? She said, all right, well, you know, I'm on a fixed income. I don't know that I can afford it. And I'll let you know if things change. All right, perfect, let us know. So, she called back about a week later and said, you know what? The reason why I need a PCP is I really want to stop smoking. I've tried to do it on my own. I have not been successful, but I did some math. And if I stop smoking, I can afford the membership. So in Georgia actually, I had no idea how much a pack of cigarettes costs. It's $5.35 is the average. So she was smoking a pack a day. So if you multiply, you're in just $5 times 30. That's $3. Math is hard, $150. So anyway, she came in, we talked, we came up with a plan. We did some well but train, which is about $4 a month, medicine for all pharmacy. And within a month, she had stopped smoking. She was saving $150 a month, paying us $80. And then $4 a month for her well but train, which we eventually got her off of. And then while during one of her visits, she told us that she was really having trouble losing weight, feeling tired all the time. She was like, well, you know, I have lots of reasons to be tired, right? Like don't we all? But did some basic lab work on her found out that she has high both iridesm. So we are treating her high both iridesm now. So anyway, she came in because she wanted to stop smoking. It ended up helping her with that and then some. And this is why I really love my job. So anyway, if any of you guys want to stop smoking, another barf out take, love it. Any of you guys want to stop smoking, let me know. I can help."
" No, I don't want to see a FFs to come. I didn't ask you to do that. Look, those other times I was an addict. I didn't have a place to live. I had issues. Yes, yes. You can't take away this baby. I got clean a month or two before I even got knocked up and I've been trying to quit smoking. I swear, do any drug tests you want. This baby is going to be healthy and I want to keep it. Emily, that is not a good idea. I'll do whatever you want. Please, I want to keep this baby. Sub to Montgomery. Please don't let her take away my baby. I'm just going to take away your baby. Okay. I'm going to help you. I can change by the, I know you believe that. Why not Emily? We have tried Addison again and again, but it won't take because she doesn't want it to. 10 minutes after I get her clean, she goes out to school. I beg a shelter to find a bed for her and she never shows up. The best thing would be if she stopped having babies altogether. We should tie her tubes. You're doing her C-section tomorrow. You could do it then. I cannot can sterilize a woman without her knowledge. I need her consent. It's the only way to keep her from coming back pregnant in the year. Okay, okay, okay. Emily is a disaster. No one wants to see her coming back pregnant, but Addison is right. She has to sign off on sterilization. Just because Emily has made bad decisions doesn't mean that we take away her right to have children. Why are we only discussing her rights? What about David's rights? His David. Her first born. Eight weeks premature. He went blind from being on a ventilator. He's been in seven homes and six years. Turns out he's not only blind. He's autistic. Brad was second. He's severely disabled due to fetal alcohol syndrome. He's in a home for especially his kids. Then there was a April who's, well, she's still in foster care. Because he wants a crack baby. And then there was Daniel who survived for 16, excruciating days in NICU before he's become short-balsamil. I signed his death certificate myself. You think she wants this baby? She's a mucous baby. She's an angel. She always has an angel. She's not going to change her. That's tired tubes. Without her consent, I can't. I'm sorry. We won't do it."
" Should I quit nicotine high school edition? Alright, let's look at the pros of quitting nicotine. So the first thing is you're going to be saving money. And what is it that you're saving money on? Being able to do whatever I want to do and spend it on what I want to spend it on. Absolutely. Spending money on the things that you actually want to be doing. Better relationships. This would include the relationships among the people that care, that you vape, that don't want to be around you because you're baby and you're smoking or whatever. Less health anxiety. Less worry about potential future health problems. Have you ever been hitting a burnt vape and wondering what's this doing to my lungs? What's going to happen a few years from now? When you quit, you don't have to worry about that anymore. Improved self-respect. Set in self-esteem. When you say you're going to do something and you do that something through that helps to build confidence. And having more confidence is always a good thing. What about the image that you have among your peers and your friends? It's like how they see you. How they see you as a person so it's an influence that you have over them, right? So when I influence other people, I don't want to be a negative influence on someone encouraging them to use a substance. I want to be something positive to other people. Completely agree. Less depression. A rebalancing of dopamine. And dopamine is what's responsible for our motivation and our drive to want to do tasks. Improved focus because we're not thinking about hitting the vape all day long. Trustworthiness not only among others but among who the most. Among ourselves, right? Yeah. I can say that I'm going to do something and I see that something through. Improved self-discipline. At any time, we practice something that requires discipline. We improve that. And then what are the ground ones? No more ground ones. What are we talking about there? The nicotine receptors in your mind that you're no longer feeding. So they're just like, I want my nicotine. They start to die off, right? And then you're not dealing with that all day long with your sitting class. Disciplinary actions in school or at home or at work. So this would be like getting suspended from vagine or getting grounded, getting your phone taken away. You don't have to worry about that anymore. And then no more anandodonia. This plays a role with the dopamine rebalancing. At any time, we're addicted to a drug. Nicotine being a drug. It decreases dopamine levels. Dopamine is part of what brings us joy in life. And when we have a drug addiction, we wind up developing anandodonia. Because we lose the joy in day-to-day things that should make us happy if we're missing the drug. So this goes away once you start to quit. Now though, there are some cons to quitting nicotine. The first count of five of the most popular ones is the hive. What's the hive? What is that? It's like the buzz that you feel when you hit a vape for the first time in a while. And that's not going to be there anymore after you quit. But the reality is, if we were to quote the passengers, only know you've been high when you're feeling low. Right? Is that not right? You're only high for a temporary period of time. But it doesn't stay that way. And that's the problem. That's the cycle with addiction. You're going to get bad withdrawal symptoms and intense cravings when you quit. And that's a kind. But the reality is, aren't you already going to withdrawal every single day that you make? Yeah, because there are points in time when you're not vaping. And it goes through your system fast. That's absolutely right. So your withdrawal is something you're already dealing with. Same with cravings. There's symptom of withdrawal. But they do get a little more intense initially when you quit. Pure pressure. So this is being around your friends. And pure pressure is not so much I think that people are pressuring you to vape. But it's more of this phone number. What's phone number? Pure of missing out. Okay, so this is like thinning in with a certain group of people or something like that. Okay. But and this is probably the hardest kind of quitting. You gotta start to ask yourself, is this a group of people that I want to be fitting in with at the end of the day? Not saying that people who vape are bad people or smoke or drink that's not what I'm saying. But the people you hang out with are ultimately getting determined your behaviors in life and what's acceptable and unacceptable. So this is the top pole to swallow, but it's one that's worth looking at. There's the pros and cons of quitting. I don't know, but it looks like there seems to be a bit more on the pros side than the cons side. Is that what Greg? Yeah. Yeah, I would agree. Alright, maybe we'll work on quitting then."
" One of the toughest part of quitting Zah is removing that Zah smoke off your clothes. That burnt clip smell off your clothes. And this video I'm going to share some products that help me and it will definitely help you. So for starters, I recommend do not use any powder detergent. That doesn't really work out for me. It doesn't really, it's not really good for your clothes, but I recommend getting this right here. Get you some typods. There's going to remove that stank smell. That burnt clip smell off on your clothes and it keeps it real clean. It works phenomenal. Trust me. I'm going to use typods now. You better get to them. This detergent right here is really for babies, but I like that because I had some sensitive skin. Before I got into the typods, I used to use powder detergent. I really wasn't working for me or making it into little bit. So I used to use this and this also helped me remove all that burnt clip or that wee smoke off my clothes. That's right here. Nuders and boos. This is like the cheek hole right here. You need to get yourself some booster beads. This is going to move any bad smell. Not only the Zah smoke smell. You need burnt clip, any bad funky smell. You got any clothes. This is the cheek hole right here. My favorite is the down here as you can see. Once you've done washing your clothes and you ready for them to dry, you need to use dry shoes. This is another gel brake cheek hole that you need to get that smell off your clothes. For me, I use bounce. That's what I use and it works perfectly. Also this is an essential. You want to get it absorbed before your closet. This is going to remove any bad odor that you have in your closet and where your clothes are at. You want to put an absorbable up there. This is my favorite right here. The black charcoal one. It looks cool and it takes any bad smell. If you have any wee smoke from before, this is going to remove it for you. If you don't want to spend the back on the black charcoal ones, you can always get the arms to hammer one. It's a little cheaper and also works, but just not as good at the black charcoal ones. This is good also. I got these first and they helped me out too. Just absorbs any bad smell out the closet. Those are just some of the products I recommend and my Amazon store for you. Get all of them for my stand shop and the link of my bio, my Amazon store for you. You will get all these products and I have plenty more there. Check it out. Make sure to follow me for more tips and comment down below if you tried any of these products before."
" Part 3 of why I haven't seen my daughter in four years. So because this exchange between Charlie and his mother Sean was kept from me, very shortly after, right before we celebrated our three months of hooking up, I ended up getting evicted from my roommates. Because apparently Sean co-hersed Charlie into telling my roommate that I confided in him and told him that I, in fact, did sleep with her boyfriend. That I didn't find out until after I gave birth. Obviously, being homeless and having nowhere to go, I confided in Charlie because we were close. And lucky me, I ended up pregnant. And Charlie acted like he was completely thrilled and asked his grandma if I could stay. So when the announcement was made, that I was pregnant and moving in with Charlie and his grandmother will call her Betty. Because of the fact that I didn't know these exchanges behind my back had been happening, imagine my surprise when I woke up the next morning after the announcement to total chaos downstairs. I woke up in bed next to Charlie thinking that his grandma was downstairs getting robbed and attacked first thing in the morning. Imagine how shook I was when I ran downstairs to check on Betty. Say here, Sean, ran to him, raving and cussing at her mother over me living there and having her son's baby. So when I entered the living room and asked her what her deal was, she tried to lunge at me like she was going to kill me. I was 19 years old pregnant with a raging eating disorder. I didn't even weigh 120 pounds. She wasn't overweight, mother of seven in her late 30s. I was terrified. Charlie rushed down and explained to me that maybe it was just the shock of the pregnancy. And to go back in our room and lock the door, him and his grandma would handle it. From the upstairs window which I was smoking out of at the time, I could hear her stomp out of the house and slam the front and storm door. And since she lived right across the street, I heard her cuss me out the entire way she crossed the street and went up the steps to her home. Things only got worse from there. Part four will be posted next."
" While I was pregnant with my son, I was addicted to methamphetamine. And I ended up giving birth to my son under the influence of methamphetamine. It's still to this day the hardest thing for me to talk about. I went and told my story on a Zoom on Monday with Tracy and a bunch of people. They were so amazing. And I cried throughout my whole story because of the shame I still feel to this day. Okay. I still feel a lot of shame to this day. I was watching another young lady's video. She brought up a really, really good point. You know, now that Texas has passed this abortion law where people can't get abortions passed I think six weeks, which is a month and two weeks pregnant. Think about all the women who struggle with addiction who don't even know their pregnant and don't find out until they're like two months, three months pregnant. And I'm telling you, you might say, how would you not know that you were pregnant for that long? Believe me, it's easy. When I found out I was pregnant, you guys, guess what? I was already 10 weeks pregnant. Two weeks, two months and two weeks pregnant. Okay. Like it's easy when you're using to not realize what's going on with your body. So this is going to cause an even bigger problem for women who are struggling with addiction. And that's why I speak out and share my story. You know, it's the hardest story to tell because I get judged horribly for it. But if I can help save just one woman and one child's life and help their family, then that's what I'm going to do."
" I'm using a comment here that was accurate and at the same time not a bully or aggressive or a negative comment to kind of explain this because a lot of people seem to think that you should just instantly quit smoking the moment that you get pregnant. This is something that a lot of people need to understand, okay? I already have issues with my progesterone. One is the hormone that tells your body not to shed the lining of your uterus, hence not miscarry, not start contractions, not cause of stillbirth, all that kind of stuff, okay? That's progesterone. Your stress hormone is called cortisol. The primary hormone that your body needs in order to create cortisol is progesterone. What is the reason that women should not just up and quit smoking cold turkey when they are pregnant? They should lower that down so that their cortisol level does not go too high because if your cortisol level goes too high, it will use your progesterone that is keeping you pregnant in order to supply that stress hormone. So for all of you out there going, oh, I just quit. All good for you, you produce a large amount of progesterone and can handle that large cortisol load, not all women can. So basically, yes, you should probably smoke it if you're pregnant if you can. But you should also consider the fact that if that progesterone turns into cortisol because you just up and quit and you get too stressed out, then you end up in a position where you are harming your child, aka miscarrying, that's kind of the same as unalliving your child due to choosing to stress yourself out and raise your cortisol levels, which takes down your progesterone levels, which tells your body it's time to start your cycle because that is the whole job of progesterone in a pregnancy. If you don't believe me, please feel free to go look up the facts. I've done my research. I'm not going to do any more updates on the whole why you shouldn't just up and quit. And it's not like that. Like I said, for every woman, some women produce plenty of progesterone and can handle the cortisol. Some women can't. Women go through these withdrawals. These are withdrawals people go through when they quit. And all of these things raise your cortisol level. So please stop judging women who are doing their best to continue that pregnancy because just a stress alone is enough to end it. Anyway, have an appointment at 3. Hopefully, I will get some extra supports through that. Maybe that will help me to quit. But otherwise, I'm just going to keep doing what I'm doing and keep trying to cut down as much as I can until I either quit or just get down to the lowest amount that I can keep my cortisol levels under control throughout the day. Otherwise, yeah, have a nice day. Everybody know I do not promote smoking while pregnant. I don't suggest to start. I don't suggest any way you smoke. I don't suggest anyone ever start smoking. It is the dumbest decision you will make. Okay. So, teenagers happen to stay long enough through this whole video. Don't smoke. Literally, dumbest decision you will make in your entire life. Don't vape either. It's worse than smoking. Much higher nicotine content. Anyway, love you all."
" Alright, I forgot to see your D lower in a class. I don't care, there's more to life in school. What, how would you feel if I stole like, $2.00, I was like, you wall it and you didn't find out until like, 12 exactly. First of all, I'm gonna find out right away because I'm a broke bitch. The second, why do you need the $200? We would talk about it, right? Because like, I am just, I don't, maybe I'm gonna be out there. No, we would, no alcohol. We would talk about it and then we would figure out like, hey, do you need just $200, you know? It depends on the circumstances. How would you feel me? And it was a soul like, the sign of the, the supply of the traffic comes. It's so good, it's, it's so long you can take it, but I wouldn't care because I did it. I have my first apartment. You found your drinking, you liked your, except you didn't know what you think. I mean, I'd probably like, drink, make sure that whoever, kids were over, their parents were okay with it, but I probably would let you finish off, because there's no point arguing. And then I'd be like, the next day I'd be like, hey, what's up? Do you like your drinks? How would you feel if, do you like, argument, or you make a close throughout, left and house, staying up at, for two weeks. First of all, I hope you know, whenever we argue, we match in our needs, so, and you'd be ready to fight. And second, you would be running away, because I'd be running out for you out of the door. I'm not even running. I'm not even falling in. Absolutely coming out for you. And then I'd be like, all right, we'll check in with me when you get there. If, yeah, you found out I was pregnant, but I need to tell you where to go, scared. I hope you would tell me right away, because I am not that kind of mom. We're going to figure it out. And, with that being said, if you want to be sexually active, you can talk about contraceptives and birth and soul, and all that other stuff, being safe. It's not just about being pregnant, it does as TV's. But, yeah. I guess you'd be buying cribs. Cribs. Not twins or trippas. How would you find out if I was schooled in a school called Jilbel? Remember people I hate that one. Wait. I would be like, why are y'all doing it at school? You know, don't do that carpet school. Insanely, we need to talk about baby because I don't want you to wait, but if you're going to wait, you're going to wait, but don't do it at school. Because there goes your whole last faith. You know what I mean? You just lost your whole faith. And don't be extensive. I don't know. I don't buy all of it. Well, don't buy them. Because you don't need them. But, if you ever did, don't take them to school. Don't take them to school. What do you think you're doing? That's why I don't want you to pay me. Thank you. It's not cigarettes, mom. It's worse. It's worse. Mom, you don't want to be like me. Why are you so close to me? I don't want you to be like me. I want you to be better than me. I guess we would figure it out like we do everything else, right? No, we wouldn't actually. We're not like that. All right, bye guys. Have a great day. Bye."
" So I wanted to respond to this comment and not because of the reason that a lot of people think well done for this by the way But I want to say that this was my number one reason and excuse constantly I used to say things like if I ever got pregnant to have to stop If I ever you know find out I'm gonna have a kid then I stop nicotine I just cold take it because I don't want my child to be nicotine addicted XYZ right? Let's just think about that for a second many people on nicotine Always talk about the day that they're gonna stop or the day that they're not going to have it anymore And this is very bold from me after two weeks But I'm seeing the light right now guys and seeing the realizations to the excuses that I was making if I knew in Myself that one day I was gonna quit then what was stopping me from actually quitting before Like if you already know you want to stop doing something Then you should just stop before you have no reasons between me now and me being pregnant There is still no reasons for me to take nicotine and I used to use that excuse constantly for myself I used to say like I know like I don't need it to do it right now like but if I ever got pregnant You know what yeah, I definitely stop but really like the same reason applies I just probably shouldn't be taking it probably just don't need to take it at all and This is one thing if you know that you want to stop eventually Then what is it that is stopping you right now from doing it and it can be so deeply in bed That which is one thing that I realized it's my routine. It's my feelings of anxiety And you know what's so crazy guys is that the biggest thing that happened since obviously stopping is I have had quite low moods But it's because I've constantly used this dopamine reward cycle to tell me how to feel if I'm sad It's nicotine if I'm happy. I'll let's have a nicotine It's controlled so much, but Whether I'm in a position where I'm pregnant whether I'm positioned where I'm not pregnant like whether I'm down the line I want to make a health change or whether it's five years from now. It's not gonna make a difference You just have to accept that this is probably something that you don't want to do anymore You have to change how you see it you need to change your routine and Reading the comments and talking about this again It has given me little triggers to think about it even more But if anything, let's just reiterate it the bigger fact that I don't need it because if this is helping other people And you know they want to make a change then cool like you should there's no point stall and something that you know you need to change And I genuinely believe that lifelong addiction and two weeks or three days going through withdrawals This one so much harder than this one so much harder you will still have to fight the cravings You will still have to fight the social pressures, but I think in general if you know you want to stop something down The more stop and you're doing it now"
" Also, I quit smoking called Turkey when I got pregnant because I cared more about my baby than my habit, but anyway, well, Kayla, I've got time today. I get it. That was you. That was something you could have done. I'm sure the age factor is probably a little different. I'm sure the long-term smoking use is probably a little different. I'm sure there are a lot of things different about you than me because, guess what, we are not the fucking same. So, that being said, I get you quit smoking and I 100% commit you on that. I quit taking my Zanex. I quit taking my Adderall. Both of those were subscriptions, not sub-subscriptions, but prescriptions that I had been prescribed for years. But don't nobody want to talk about that. We just going to talk about the fact that I had a baby in my damn hand and the fact that I am trying to win myself off of it. But we ain't talking about that. We're not going to talk about the fact that I do eat a lot healthier and drink a hell of a lot more water than I ever did before. I got pregnant. But we ain't going to talk about that. But are we going to talk about the fact that you feed your kidney? Have you done your research into fast food? That is actually the number one leaving calls in child obesity. You know, I'm not saying your kids are big so don't even go there on me because I'm not the fucking one. I'm talking about you doing things this great for your children because you care about them more than you do the habits. Eating a lot of fast food is a bad habit. I'm not saying you do that a lot. I'm just saying that you posted the video of the McDonald's, McChicken, so much so I love Mc Donald's. So, they're here. They make better choices. You can cook chicken nuggets at home. Have you seen how Mc Donald's chicken nuggets are made? Have you ever watched that show? How this is made or whatever? Have you seen it? It's actually a fucking paste. It is like the pieces of the chicken that are just like shit. And I've watched videos where they've taken microscopic slices or very thin slices of weenies and stuff like that and put it on a microscope. They've found hair in that shit. They have found small pieces of glass in that shit but you feed it to your kids. So ma'am, before you come over here trying to be all big bad, don't, because I'm not, I mean I am. I got time today. I might not give you the response you won't waste me but I got time to fucking day. So, go on that bullshit. I'm missing my bullshit. My life is different. Everybody can do different shit. So what might work for you might not work for the next person. I commend you again for quit smoking. I wish I fucking could quit vaping but god damn. I quit the new ports. Can I get a pet on the back for that? Antirate if I hear other comment about what is wrong for someone to tell someone what's right. I got door dash hold on. 100% lost my trying to talk because I thought that was my crumble cookies but it wasn't. Anyway, how you said something about it so is wrong that I point out about telling that woman not to go somewhere without sunscreen. That's common sense too. So I shouldn't be smoking while I'm pregnant, common sense. But she shouldn't go out and saw what else on screen. Common fucking sense. Especially when you paste your white. Common fucking sense."
" So this is a comment on a video that I have made about smoking during pregnancy. Now in this video I'm saying that it's unfair, it's an unfair sound, right? And that's not me saying that if you smoke during pregnancy you deserve stillbirth or miscarriage. That's not what I'm saying. What I'm saying is that it's unfair because while there are people that do everything right, they can experience the most traumatic thing that no mother should ever have to experience right. And that comes with miscarriage stillbirth, whatever. And there are people that inflict harm on their babies and have a healthy pregnancy and a healthy baby. And like I said, that's not me saying that their baby deserves to die and that it would bring back to Rome or whatever that's not what I'm saying. Like it's a simple fact that I don't understand how the world works because while there's someone that's literally inflicting no pain on their unborn baby and doing everything right, no harm, quick smoking, doesn't drink, doesn't do any of that stuff. How would they then the one with the unlucky stick? Like it doesn't make any sense to me. And as someone who has experienced child loss, a late term loss, it is obviously really like heartful to see like if I'm walking down the street and I see a pregnant woman, like that was as pregnant as I was when I lost Rome, like literally at the end, smoking a cigarette, like that's going to like tick something in me, like I don't like that because like that basically there was someone in the comments that said, that it can happen regardless. Yes, it can happen regardless. Obviously that's just common knowledge. But you are increasing your risk by doing something that puts you and your baby at risk. And for this person who's literally in the comments, admitting that they smoke when they're pregnant, I would have really said, I don't engage in conversation with you because I think that's vile and you can all come from me in the comments if you want to come from me. I actually don't care that is disgusting. I mean it's bad enough that you're doing it anyway but like you're putting it on a public platform and you're openly saying it with no shame. And for any person who thinks that smoking doesn't cause harm to your baby, please just look at this. The cigarette smoke creates a shortage of oxygen. In other words, he's not getting enough air. Does that make you want to quit? Yeah. Obviously my video was old. It's a long time ago, but science is still science and that is still a valid fact. Like that doesn't just change. That literally happens to your baby in the womb. And if smoking already has so many negative effects on people that smoke, can you imagine the effects that it has to an unborn baby that is in the process of grubbing? Like they're not even fully developed yet. And the reason why this annoys me so much, and like I said, you can all come from me, but when I was in hospital with Roman, I was really, really ill, yeah. And I mean like very ill, I was in there for weeks and weeks. My sister who has this relates to my other video, she has children in the care system. She's got three in the care system. She's got one with my mom. She's taken adoption of her. I don't know if I made it to her. She's adopted her. So she's with her. And she didn't fight for them back, but she kept having more. I don't agree with that. I don't understand that. And when I got really ill, I went up to the delivery suite. I'm sorry, the delivery ward, whatever, went up there. And I was in room seven and she was in room six. I didn't know that she was there because none of us knew she was pregnant again. And that was when I had obviously found out that she was having another baby. And she was drinking red bulls, never saw her drink her glass of water when she was at a drink of water. She was continuously smoking and she ended up having her baby pre-time. So it was pre-time labour by I think it was six weeks or something. And her baby was potentially at a risk. I don't know too much about it. I don't know whether she was completely healthy or she had things wrong with her, but she was pre-term and she didn't take care of herself or her body. And this is from someone that literally did not care about her children whatsoever. And I'm in the room next to her, heavily pregnant, obviously a few weeks over her at that point. And she had given birth. Her baby then was put in care. And my baby ended up dying a few weeks after that, full-time. And I did absolutely everything right. And that's why comments like this really riled me. Like I actually can't because like do you know how hurtful that is as well? Like your own sister. I mean like the same ward as this girl and we're next door to each other. And I can hear her laboring her baby. And her baby just gets shoved in the care system. And my baby dies. Like what? And I obviously wanted room and he would have been in such a loving home and he would have been taking care of so well. And he never got to have that opportunity. And there are people like that that don't care about their children. Don't care about the wellbeing of themselves that are when they're a bum baby and pops kids out like their tic-tacs. And it's just more kids in the care system for other people to look after. And while I tried to adopt her after I lost room, I then for pregnant again. And I wasn't in a position to be able to do that. So she's now in care. And that is why it annoys me. And like I said, if you smoke when you're pregnant, I please don't speak to me. I'm not interested."
" Hey, it's LurksRain and today I wanted to come on here and talk to y'all about none other than our this is Mary Jane. We love her, don't we? Yes, we do. However, doing pregnancy is a fine line. I get it. I got family members that smoke while they were pregnant. I know moms that smoke while they're pregnant or they're not necessarily may not smoke. You might have them these because cannabis comes in all kinds of forms, right? You can smoke it. You can eat it. You can drink it, especially if you live in California, you can use it as a ball and rub it on your body. You can use it as a droplet. Like cannabis comes in different forms and different dosages. It's used for so many different holistic things, right? And I am all for it. However, you have to remember that when you are pregnant, you are utilized in a hospital system that has liabilities, right? So if you have an opiate, they don't want to be liable. If something happens, right? You have up to 18 years to sue these doctors. If something happens during your delivery, during your pregnancy with your baby. But if you pop on a piss test, you know the first thing they're going to say is that this mom was the drug addict or this mom used drugs. They're going to throw you under the bus. This, so that's one of the things that I encourage my mom to really think about when it comes to cannabis use. If you are going to be using a provider who insists on testing you, drug testing you for cannabis or who insists that they don't like on not allowing or not necessarily allowing, but like in their patients to utilize cannabis products. Okay, so that's where betting your your provider comes in. You have to vet your provider. You have to properly vet your provider, right? You have to ask the question that need to be asked so that you can have a safe delivery, so that you can have a safe pregnancy. So proper vetting of your provider, proper vetting of your facility where you're going to deliver it, because even as a labor nurse, when you come in to us and we go through your prenatal practice, and we see that you have a positive urine drug screen at any time during your pregnancy, we are supposed to drug screen you at the hospital and drugs screen your baby. Right? So like even if you only pounce on your piss test, you're first appointment and we all know that first appointment you're going to like, and that's what we do. We get your love work, we get your urine because we're testing for other things too. Don't eat it, this is true. However, we are doing your drug screen on you, and that's the first time you pop on your piss test and you find, you know, so you're like, okay, well I'm pregnant, so I have a small or you know, utilize cannabis since I took the pregnancy test and it was positive and you come in for your to have your baby nine at 10 months later. Here we are trying to drug screen you again. Let me let you know this, you can refuse. Did you know? Did you know? Did you know? Did you know? What you can refuse urine drug screen, especially if you know you only use THC and you know that you're going to stop using THC or even if you don't stop using THC doing your pregnancy, you can refuse the urine drug screen on yourself. When you come into the liver, you can refuse the urine drug screen on your baby because they will slap a pee bag on that baby quick. You know what I mean? To test them for THC. Why? Not only that, we are supposed to contact social services if you test positive for any kind of drugs during delivery when you come in to the hospital. Okay, so just know that you can refuse these things. You don't have to allow them to test you. Now if you're smoking crack, are you doing math or a heroin or whatever, you're doing some old outrageous ass shit. Like come on sis, don't come on, come on, come on. Come on. In the... Anyways, just know you do not have to be drug screened. Okay, stand your ground. All right? All right guys. That's it! That's all I got today!"
" So I don't mean to treat my own horn or anything, but I'm nicotine free all the way. I will never vape again. I will never touch a vape again. I will never think about a vape again. I am so excited. You have no idea. So obviously I've been nicotine free since like four weeks ago now, but I did buy the Nicarite gum or like the off brand Nicarite gum just so I didn't send my body into shock and I have not chewed a piece of that gum in like three days now. So that's pretty good. I'm pretty proud of myself about that. But what I'm really proud of myself is I haven't even thought about it today. I haven't had a craving for nicotine. I haven't, like it just, it isn't there and I'm so excited. I'm so thankful because I thought I didn't think it was going to go away. But if you have the same, if you're going through this or you are addicted to a vape like half of you are, I know that you know what it feels like. Anyways, it's the best feeling to not have to vlog around a stupid vape with you everywhere you go. It's the best feeling. On to the good stuff. Baby is six weeks in a day today. Everything is great. My morning sickness has subsided a little bit. I did throw up this morning but I haven't been nauseous as much as I have and I've definitely been able to eat more than I was because I was like, ugh, food, no. But it's going good. We have another appointment, not this Thursday but the next to hear baby's heartbeat and do more tests. And it's just a more thorough appointment. Our last one, we were super early so we just kind of confirmed the pregnancy, the due day and do's and don'ts, pre-annual vitamins, things like that. So we are going to do a gender review I think. I don't know what we're going to do yet. I need help. I don't know what to do. I don't want to do something that too many would do or that's like silly. I just want to do something good, cute, find it out, know what it is and move on. You know? If you have any suggestions or any cute ideas, please let me know. And I think Cooper knows, our dog knows something's going on or there's baby here because he is acting super funny. He wants to lay on me all the time, like right over my belly, gets right up super close to it. He won't really pounce on me as much as he used to when we play and is really careful to jump on me. So I think he knows."
" smokers, how did you overcome your addiction to cigarettes? So it all started with my mother. She smoked most of her life. She definitely didn't let up when she was pregnant with me. I was born under weight, as is typical. I was breastfed, and when she tried to wean me, I started having startling symptoms. Shaking, screening. She thought I was having a seizure. Dr. Set I was going through nicotine withdrawal as a baby. I was jonesing for my nicotine fixed to the point I'd bully my younger brother off the honker. I got at least a good two solid years of breastfeeding, monopolizing it to the point where my mom got so sick of breastfeeding that she took my brother off early. Smoking was in the house constantly. I always wanted to sit by mommy when she smoked. The fumes were a part of my life. I started officially smoking at 12. All my friends coughing? Evan casuals, I ripped the filters off because that's how mommy do. I moved on from those Virginia slums to Marbara with the filters ripped off. By the time I was 16 I decided to come out with my habit to my mother because I figured only an idiot couldn't tell I was a smoker. I mean, she could even smell it because of the brand change. Well, she cried, yelled and I was just staring at her dunk-founded. She tried her best to make me feel like a worthless, weak piece of crap for picking up this habit that she tried so hard to shield me from and that she raised me better. Then she lights a cigarette up and says look how much you've stressed me out. This is coming from the woman that when I begged her to quit when I was younger she screamed in my face that this was one thing in her life that she could enjoy. So, she verbally and emotionally abuses me from this point out. Your room smells disgusting because you smoke. I'm going to start smoking outside because I don't want this house to smell like crap. Yeah, that lasted a week. Anyways, I turned 18 soon after. I officially and legally can smoke. Mum, start sending me off to pick up the smokes. When life gives lemons you make lemonade I guess. She also never, never let me off the hook. Always had something to say about me smoking and how she wasn't as bad. I smoked those menthol ones for a bit. Started coughing up lead. Decided to stop those. I stopped eating much. I then lived off of cigarettes and Dr. Pepper. Leading to me dropping to 94 pounds. So then I turned 19. I met a guy who doesn't smoke. I decided that year I'm going to quit. My mum, desperate to somehow keep on some level with me, says she's going to do it too. Well my boyfriend helped me quit. I used the patches for about two weeks. Then I just got effing tired of using them so I stopped them and went cold turkey. My mum fell off the wagon and tried to hide it from me but with me getting my sense of smell back, as well as her coughing up chunks of tar, I could smell it all over her. She then started trying to control my life more. She now doesn't want to let me go anywhere and says I have to stay home and watch my brother. I ran away from home when I was 20 and didn't talk to her a few years because she insisted on keeping the relationship toxic. I now haven't smoked in nearly 10 years, but I still dream of cigarettes. It's still a struggle. I think about going back to it all the time."
" X-smokers, how did you overcome your addiction to cigarettes? So it all started with my mother. She smoked most of her life. She definitely didn't let up when she was pregnant with me. I was born under weight, as is typical. I was breastfed, and when she tried to wean me, I started having startling symptoms. Shaking, screening. She thought I was having a seizure. Dr. Set I was going through nicotine withdrawal as a baby. I was jonesing for my nicotine fixed to the point I'd bully my younger brother off the honker. I got at least a good two solid years of breastfeeding, monopolizing it to the point where my mom got so sick of breastfeeding that she took my brother off early. Smoking was in the house constantly. I always wanted to sit by mommy when she smoked. The fumes were a part of my life. I started officially smoking at 12. All my friends coughing? Evan casuals, I ripped the filters off because that's how mommy do. I moved on from those Virginia slums to Marborough with the filters ripped off. By the time I was 16 I decided to come out with my habit to my mother because I figured only an idiot couldn't tell I was a smoker. I mean, she could even smell it because of the brand change. Well, she cried, yelled and I was just staring at her dunk-founded. She tried her best to make me feel like a worthless, weak piece of crap for picking up this habit that she tried so hard to shield me from and that she raised me better. Then she lights a cigarette up and says look how much you've stressed me out. This is coming from the woman that when I begged her to quit when I was younger she screamed in my face that this was one thing in her life that she could enjoy. So, she verbally and emotionally abuses me from this point out. Her room smells disgusting because you smoke. I'm going to start smoking outside because I don't want this house to smell like crap. Yeah that lasted a week. Anyways I turned 18 soon after. I officially and legally can smoke. Mum. Start sending me off to pick up the smokes. When life gives lemons you make lemonade I guess. She also never, never let me off the hook. Always had something to say about me smoking and how she wasn't as bad. I smoked those menthol ones for a bit. Started coughing up lead. Decided to stop those. I stopped eating much. I then lived off of cigarettes and Dr. Pepper. Leading to me dropping to 94 pounds. So then I turned 19. I met a guy who doesn't smoke. I decided that year I'm going to quit. My mum, desperate to somehow keep on some level with me, says she's going to do it too. Well my boyfriend helped me quit, I used the patches for about two weeks. Then I just got effing tired of using them so I stopped them and went cold turkey. My mum fell off the wagon and tried to hide it from me but with me getting my sense of smell back, as well as her coughing up chunks of tar. I could smell it all over her. She then started trying to control my life more. She now doesn't want to let me go anywhere and says I have to stay home and watch my brother. I ran away from home when I was 20 and didn't talk to her a few years because she insisted on keeping the relationship toxic. I now haven't smoked in nearly 10 years. But I still dream of cigarettes. It's still a struggle. I think about going back to it all the time."
" X-smokers, how did you overcome your addiction to cigarettes? So it all started with my mother. She smoked most of her life. She definitely didn't let up when she was pregnant with me. I was born under weight, as is typical. I was breastfed, and when she tried to wean me, I started having startling symptoms. Shaking, screening. She thought I was having a seizure. Dr. Set I was going through nicotine withdrawal as a baby. I was jonesing for my nicotine fixed to the point I'd bully my younger brother off the honker. I got at least a good two solid years of breastfeeding, monopolizing it to the point where my mom got so sick of breastfeeding that she took my brother off early. Smoking was in the house constantly. I always wanted to sit by mommy when she smoked. The fumes were a part of my life. I started officially smoking at 12. All my friends coughing? Evan Casuals, I ripped the filters off because that's how mommy do. I moved on from those Virginia slums to Marborough with the filters ripped off. By the time I was 16 I decided to come out with my habit to my mother because I figured only an idiot couldn't tell I was a smoker. I mean, she could even smell it because of the brand change. Well, she cried, yelled and I was just staring at her dunk-founded. She tried her best to make me feel like a worthless, weak piece of crap for picking up this habit that she tried so hard to shield me from and that she raised me better. Then she lights a cigarette up and says look how much you've stressed me out. This is coming from the woman that when I begged her to quit when I was younger she screamed in my face that this was one thing in her life that she could enjoy. So, she verbally and emotionally abuses me from this point out. Her room smells disgusting because you smoke. I'm going to start smoking outside because I don't want this house to smell like crap. Yeah that lasted a week. Anyways I turned 18 soon after. I officially and legally can smoke. Mum. Start sending me off to pick up the smokes. When life gives lemons you make lemonade I guess. She also never, never let me off the hook. Always had something to say about me smoking and how she wasn't as bad. I smoked those menthol ones for a bit. Started coughing up lead. Decided to stop those. I stopped eating much. I then lived off of cigarettes and Dr. Pepper. Leading to me dropping to 94 pounds. So then I turned 19. I met a guy who doesn't smoke. I decided that year I'm going to quit. My mum, desperate to somehow keep on some level with me, says she's going to do it too. Well my boyfriend helped me quit, I used the patches for about two weeks. Then I just got effing tired of using them so I stopped them and went cold turkey. My mum fell off the wagon and tried to hide it from me but with me getting my sense of smell back, as well as her coughing up chunks of tar. I could smell it all over her. She then started trying to control my life more. She now doesn't want to let me go anywhere and says I have to stay home and watch my brother. I ran away from home when I was 20 and didn't talk to her a few years because she insisted on keeping the relationship toxic. I now haven't smoked in nearly 10 years. But I still dream of cigarettes. It's still a struggle. I think about going back to it all the time."
" X-smokers, how did you overcome your addiction to cigarettes? So it all started with my mother. She smoked most of her life. She definitely didn't let up when she was pregnant with me. I was born under weight, as is typical. I was breastfed, and when she tried to wean me, I started having startling symptoms. Shaking, screening. She thought I was having a seizure. Dr. Set I was going through nicotine withdrawal as a baby. I was Velvet, I was Jonesing for my nicotine fixed to the point I'd bully my younger brother off the honker. I got at least a good two solid years of breastfeeding, monopolizing it to the point where my mom got so sick of breastfeeding that she took my brother off early. Smoking was in the house constantly. I always wanted to sit by mommy when she smoked. The fumes were a part of my life. I started officially smoking at 12. All my friends coughing? Evan Casuals, I ripped the filters off because that's how mommy do. I moved on from those Virginia slums to Marborough with the filters ripped off. By the time I was 16 I decided to come out with my habit to my mother because I figured only an idiot couldn't tell I was a smoker. I mean, she could even smell it because of the brand change. Well, she cried, yelled and I was just staring at her dunk-founded. She tried her best to make me feel like a worthless, weak piece of crap for picking up this habit that she tried so hard to shield me from and that she raised me better. Then she lights a cigarette up and says look how much you've stressed me out. This is coming from the woman that when I begged her to quit when I was younger she screamed in my face that this was one thing in her life that she could enjoy. So, she verbally and emotionally abuses me from this point out. Her room smells disgusting because you smoke. I'm going to start smoking outside because I don't want this house to smell like crap. Yeah that lasted a week. Anyways I turned 18 soon after. I officially and legally can smoke. Mum. Start sending me off to pick up the smokes. When life gives lemons you make lemonade I guess. She also never, never let me off the hook. Always had something to say about me smoking and how she wasn't as bad. I smoked those menthol ones for a bit. Started coughing up lead. Decided to stop those. I stopped eating much. I then lived off of cigarettes and Dr. Pepper. Leading to me dropping to 94 pounds. So then I turned 19. I met a guy who doesn't smoke. I decided that year I'm going to quit. My mum, desperate to somehow keep on some level with me, says she's going to do it too. Well my boyfriend helped me quit, I used the patches for about two weeks. Then I just got effing tired of using them so I stopped them and went cold turkey. My mum fell off the wagon and tried to hide it from me but with me getting my sense of smell back, as well as her coughing up chunks of tar. I could smell it all over her. She then started trying to control my life more. She now doesn't want to let me go anywhere and says I have to stay home and watch my brother. I ran away from home when I was 20 and didn't talk to her a few years because she insisted on keeping the relationship toxic. I now haven't smoked in nearly 10 years. But I still dream of cigarettes. It's still a struggle. I think about going back to it all the time."
" X smokers, how did you overcome your addiction to cigarettes? So it all started with my mother. She smoked most of her life. She definitely didn't let up when she was pregnant with me. I was born under weight as a typical. I was breastfed, and then she tried to wean me. I started having startling symptoms. Shaking, screaming. She thought I was having a seizure. Dr. Set I was going through nicotine withdrawal as a baby. I was jonesing for my nicotine fixed to the point I'd bully my younger brother off the honker. I got at least a good two solid years of breastfeeding, monopolizing it to the point where my mom got so sick of breastfeeding that she took my brother off early. Smoking was in the house constantly. I always wanted to sit by mommy when she smoked. The fumes were a part of my life. I started officially smoking at 12. All my friends coughing? Evan casuals, I ripped the filters off because that's how mommy do. I moved on from those Virginia slims to Marborough with the filters ripped off. By the time I was 16 I decided to come out with my habit to my mother because I figured only an idiot couldn't tell I was a smoker. I mean, she could even smell it because of the brand change. Well, she cried, yelled and I was just staring at her dump-founded. She tried her best to make me feel like a worthless, weak piece of crap for picking up this habit that she tried so hard to shield me from and that she raised me better. Then she lights a cigarette up and says look how much you've stressed me out. This is coming from the woman that when I begged her to quit when I was younger she screamed in my face that this was one thing in her life that she could enjoy. So, she verbally and emotionally abuses me from this point out. Your room smells disgusting because you smoke. I'm going to start smoking outside because I don't want this house to smell like crap. Yeah that lasted a week. Anyways I turned 18 soon after. I officially and legally can smoke. Mom. Start sending me off to pick up the smokes. When life gives lemons you make lemonade I guess. She also never, never let me off the hook. Always had something to say about me smoking and how she wasn't as bad. I smoked those menthol ones for a bit. Started coughing up blood. Decided to stop those. I stopped eating much. I then lived off of cigarettes and Dr. Pepper. Leading to me dropping to 94 pounds. So then I turned 19. I met a guy who doesn't smoke. I decided that year I'm going to quit. My mom, desperate to somehow keep on some level with me, so she's going to do it too. Well my boyfriend helped me quit. I used the patches for about two weeks. Then I just got effing tired of using them so I stopped them and went cold turkey. My mom fell off the wagon and tried to hide it from me but with me getting my sense of smell back, as well as her coughing up chunks of tar, I could smell it all over her. She then started trying to control my life more. She now doesn't want to let me go anywhere and says I have to stay home and watch my brother. I ran away from home when I was 20 and didn't talk to her a few years because she insisted on keeping the relationship toxic. I now haven't smoked in nearly 10 years. But I still dream of cigarettes. It's still a struggle. I think about going back to it all the time."
" So, I stumbled across this video before I was leaving. Obviously, now I'm here at Food Basics to do my grocery shopping, but I had to hop on here and say this because it was a video about the effects of vaping. And I felt the need to come on here because I am a fellow vapor. Now, backstory, I started smoking cigarettes when I was 19 regularly. I wouldn't say that I was a heavy smoker. Like, I wasn't like a pack of day kind of person, but I was probably at least a pack of a half in a week. Which I know it's not healthy. I know it's bad for you. Like, I know I've had the talk. Like, I know. Then when I was trying to get pregnant, I quit because I'm like, obviously I'm not going to smoke during my pregnancy. Let's get this out of the way. Now, cold turkey like done. Like, you know, and it wasn't easy. It was really, really, really hard. And I found that because it's an addiction, it was just like something that I, you know, like I would just contribute it to like when I was driving and like when I was stressed and blah, blah, blah, blah. After I had my daughter, I still didn't smoke cigarettes like for a long, long time. I think I tried it a few times or something and it was like disgusting. Even now, when I smell cigarette smoke, like it gives me like a freaking migraine. So I went to vaping and I vaped with like an open system. So like you would pour the liquid in and it would heat up and there was all the smoke and blah, blah, blah, blah. And I did that for a few months. I tried different ones out and like honestly, it was worse than smoking. It was so bad for my lungs. Like, I was getting chronic lung infections and just like, I don't know. I just didn't, I felt like it was worse than when I smoked cigarettes. And like, I'm not a healthcare professional or anything. So don't quote me on this, but I'm just telling you my experience with all this kind of stuff. Now I do, I'm not going to show it, but I do the views go disposable vapes. I got them at the gas station. And they're not any better. I've probably been using them for like a year and I'm not saying that they're better for you. And I do still have certain effects. I think it's just like you smoke anything into your lungs. It's bad. It's definitely one of the better solutions in my opinion for myself. People sit there and say, well, don't you know the health effects of vaping like, you know, you're basically killing yourself. I am aware, but coming from somebody who smoked cigarettes for 10 years and I would also shisha on top of that probably once, twice a week, I don't even hit my vape that much like in comparison. And I literally have a cutoff time that I don't smoke my vape at night. Like, and I don't even really smoke it all day long. Like I would have when I smoked cigarettes. So, you know, what in my opinion, I think it is better for me in my lungs. I know this is probably going to start a little bit of controversy in the comment section or whatever, but I'm just telling you my personal experience with it because you know, I feel like people harp so much on people who smoke cigarettes, people harp so much on people who smoke vapes. But what about people that smoke marijuana? What about people that do other like drugs? Like bad drugs? What about people that have drinking problems? What about people that have eating problems and or obese? Like everybody has their vice. It doesn't matter. Some people, they go to the gym and they overwork themselves and they don't eat. Like that's not healthy either. Like I just think that people need to stop coming after smokers. Like whether it's vaping or whatever, like because you know what? Like, again, everyone has their vice. And like to be honest with you, there's people that have had long, like problems or whatever and they don't even smoke. Maybe a secondhand smoke, but I'm just saying, if you guys think that the food you put into your body, like let's say you're healthy, you don't smoke, you don't drink nothing. What makes you better than somebody who smokes? Like the food that you put into your body is just as bad. You know, how much crap is in food now? All the chemicals that are in food nowadays? Like the pollution that's in the air that we breathe in every day. Like people get cancer from literally living a super healthy lifestyle and people are like, oh my god, like, well, I don't know what happened. And like of course, sometimes things happen. You can't control it. It's in jeans. It's just you get a shitty hand. Like it's unfortunate. But don't come after people who vape or smoke or whatever because you know what? The end of the day, everybody has their vice. We're all going to die and no offense, but is it really like your business? Like I, you know, I personally, when I was a smoker, I only smoked around fellow smokers. I didn't smoke around people who didn't smoke. I didn't want to give them second, thirdhand smoke. Of course not. But the point is, it's just like I see all these videos now about vaping and it used to be about smoking cigarettes. And I'm like, you know what? There is so many people out there that have their own vices like people over eat, people over drink, people do drugs, hard drugs, people over smoke. Yes, 100%. Some people are, they over do it 100%. Some people, they freaking abuse prescription drugs. Like, hello, it's just like if you're going to come after the vapors, like, you know what? Come after all the unhealthy things that people do to themselves. And you know what? There might be some people like my mom is super healthy. She still has a glass of wine a couple times a week. That's apparently not healthy anymore. Like you make, you shoot your own battles, right? I'm just saying. So coming after the vapors for it, you know, I know it's a popular trend that's going on, but you know what? Like that's up to people to teach their children right from wrong. And at the end of the day, you can't control everything in other people's lives and society. And at the end of the day, like who's really marketing the shit? Who is, did I invent the vape? No. The government invents these kind of things and then sells them and markets them and advertises them to the population. So if we really didn't want people doing all these bad things, why do we have LCBOs? Why do we have dispensaries on every corner? Why is there vape stores everywhere? Like, what? Where's the really the root of the problem? You know, why are people turning to these things? Why are people overeating? Why is there chemicals in our foods? Why are they promoting junk food? Like, I'm just saying, it really ticks me off."
" Why did I tell? I just, I don't know, I just chewed on a lot. I guess I can tell you now. Like, 12 weeks, five days. Oh no! I was like, I have to talk about period while I'll end up seeing my periods are not like always at the same time. You know what I mean? Get some more to figure out what, or I'm not going to figure out what I'm having tomorrow, but if it's for a girl. I'm doing a blood test. I'm excited! I've been so sick. And it's yes, and I've, in my, no, girl, see, yeah, it was all of a sudden, I don't know, but like, it's been so isolating because no one's like normal and I was pregnant. Like, I was not able to get out of bed a lot of days. Like, it's been the, not the worst, like the hardest pregnancy by far, 100%. The whole kind of trip, I was sick, growing up. I was better than you, and then, I got back in the room. It was just awful. But now that I hit the second drug, I finally feel better. Tell her, we're all sick or are old. We're happy with either way, like we don't care. He kind of wants to ride her to bed, like the only boy, like the older brother. You know what I mean?"
" is terrible because of the other chemicals that delivers to the lungs. It's also very clear and we haven't released this episode yet, but I talked to a female hormone doc from Austin, Natalie Crawford, so OB-GYN. Vaping is associated with disruptions in egg health and what they call egg quality can create certain mutations in eggs and serious endocrine issues in women. Personally, I find it disgusting, like I just find it, like I don't do it, but when I see people vaping, to me, and listen, I used to, when growing up, I quit smoking a long time ago, but I used to smoke a bit of nicotine growing up. Remember, I was a wild one, but that's not why I did it. I just, nicotine works for me as a drug and I don't do it anymore. Vaping is so addictive. It's a mutagen. It mutates the genes of cells. It mutates the genes of rapidly dividing cells most, so breast cancers, ovarian cancers, egg quality, sperm are constantly turning over. People always say, oh, well, I vape all the time and I got so-and-so pregnant or whatever. When I say, I have a perfectly healthy kid, that kid might have been much healthier. Also, the kid's not grown up yet, like introducing me the kid later. I wish for that kid. I pray for them, but that their healthy is can be. But it is so clear that you're introducing a laundry list of toxins to the lungs and they're getting into the bloodstream and there are a number of them that cross the blood brain barrier. Once they cross the blood brain barrier, those neurons, by virtue of the fact that neurons don't turn over across the lifespan, you've born with the ones you're going to die with. You might add a few across your lifespan, but you're mostly born with the ones that you're going to die with. Well, they're going to harbor those chemicals and those particulates. Yes, we have a grandparents that smoked and lived to be 90, but those are generally the outliers. I can't find one good reason why people should vape. If people want nicotine in their system that badly and here I'm not recommending that, they would be much better off relying on a troture of patch or even toothpicks or injectable. I know people I'm not going to out any nicotine. Oh, I'm not going to out anyone here, but I know people in our podcast community that rely on nicotine injections for a tormental clarity. That is so hardcore. Yeah, I don't. It causes elevation and blood pressure. It causes these with constriction, but it also will robustly increase focus and attention. That is what we'll tell you."
" My name is Marissa and I have vaped for about 10 years. Monday morning I woke up. Um, well now I got home from the airport at like five of my vaped died and I decided I'm not gonna buy anymore. Um, I've literally vaped since I was 14, almost 23. Um, I got my first nicotine device when I was a sophomore in high school. Got a jewel. I mean my best friend Holly shout out Holly. Um, walked into a gas station and tried to buy one and they did not sell it to us because we looked like literal baby girls. So we asked, I don't even know some older boy. I think one of her brother's friends or her brother to buy us one and he did. So thanks whoever you were for creating a very disgusting addiction. Um, but yeah, I've tried to quit multiple times. I've quit a few times for like between like six months to a year. Each time I always end up coming back to it unfortunately, but yeah, I'm gonna try and do things a little different this time. Um, yeah, so I'm just gonna kind of share my process with nicotine. I can't like update you guys on my process with quitting if you want. Um, but yeah, I'm just, I don't know, I've never made a talking video on just doing this because it's honestly like a really hard process. I've like I said failed multiple times. So, um, if this helps anybody or maybe it'll help me, hold me accountable. So yeah, here we go. So every time I've quit before, I have used nicotine gum, um, which honestly, like, um, I think the nicotine gum works. It doesn't, but I feel like it didn't like hold me super accountable to like not beyond nicotine. Because like, I feel like for smoking, it's more helpful because you're eliminating those harsh chemicals without like cold turkey in your body from nicotine, which is obviously the addictive substance. Um, whereas with vaping, it's, I feel like mostly nicotine. Obviously, there's other like vapors, like I think there's for melduhutter or something. And like not good stuff, but, um, I don't know, like people use vaping to quit smoking. So I feel like it kind of eliminates, I don't know. But yeah, every time I've quit before, I have worked in the restaurant industry where if you know, you know, everyone goes on breaks and hits their bakes or smokes or whatever. Um, and I've always like gone out with some friends, like on my break, friends I work with co-workers and like, oh my gosh, can I hit your babe? Like let me hear babe. And then I'll feel bad. I'm doing it all the time and I'll be like, I'll just buy my own, like I'll only use it at work. And then, full blown addicted again. So I still work in a restaurant. Um, I graduate school in about six and a half months. So hopefully we're done then and maybe it'll be easier. But yeah, point is like, I don't have always been excuses for quitting. Like I've always just been like, yeah, I'll quit when I'm done with school. I'll quit when I'm done in the restaurant industry. I'll quit when I'm less stressed. But the thing is, you're always going to be stressed. You're always going to be stressed. So if you're making excuses like that, stop making excuses. If you want to be done, be done. But yeah, I don't know why I like literally have it on me at all times. Like wake up in the morning, need it. I don't know, it's just really bad and it's like, it definitely like takes up my life. I'm definitely dependent on it. I wake up, I want it. I eat a meal, I want it. I am driving in the car, I want it, I'm working, I want it. I'm in my clinicals in school and every time I finish a patient. Yeah, some one day I like I said I think I got home from the airport and it was dead and I just started to cold turkey yet. Today's Wednesday, technically like day three, going into without any nicotine whatsoever. I'm not using nicotine this time. I'm just like fully cutting it out. No nicotine in my system. Honestly, I don't feel too terrible. I don't know. I like was a little cranky probably yesterday, but it's really not that bad. I've been definitely like snacky, which I'm not usually. I feel like I woke up, I had my coffee and that kind of was like a trigger. The coffee. But yeah, other than that, so far so good. I've definitely been craving it like this morning. I woke up and like, I usually like keep it in my pocket if I have like a big hoodie on in the morning and I like walk around. I like feel it all the time. I was kind of feeling my pocket like wanting it. But yeah, my story is with quitting. I guess I can talk about the first time I quit. I was dabbling with some ADHD medications and they put me on a little bit trend to start. If you don't know that is a smoking cessation aid. So and that like just totally effed me up. So like I blacked out an entire week when I was on that, but I quit vaping. So I got off that very, very quick as soon as I could and was over the babe. And then yeah, started working at a restaurant got back on it. And then I think I tried nicotine gum. I've quit like three times since then. I've used nicotine gum. But I've like never not been fully off nicotine. Like every time I've quit, I've been chewing nicotine gum like daily. So this time is for real. If you want I can talk about how I'm feeling throughout the process or I can just shut the bug out if you guys want to. But yeah, good luck to all y'all out there with me."
" Okay, I'm just hopping on here real quick because I know that not a lot of my followers are still active in my town But take a second to read this, okay? If that wasn't long enough just pause to read it, but basically I haven't seen one video on Tech Talk that is talking about this so I mean gonna get into it and Incorrect me from wrong because obviously I don't know anything about this. I just saw it and Really fucking deserved by it. So here we go. So basically And Australian young mom. I don't know. She's a team mom or she's like early 20s or whatnot You can hear her In the background saying oh you want to hit you want to hit as she's vaping in front of her Ten-month-old son and she proceeds to put the vape sorry to put the vape To this little boy's mouth and he sucks on it because a lot of toddlers everyone else is like they have pacifiers and things to fucking suck on and Teeth and whatnot and he puts it in his mouth While she's holding it and he braids in and braids out and then they start laughing Like he's ten months old Like what the fuck and you proceed to go and you post it on social media Like there's just so many things wrong with this like why would you even do that in the first place? But then why would you laugh about it and then post it? Like at this point I would not be surprised if That child is taken out of the mom's custody and I honestly I kind of hope that it is Because that's just really fucked up in my opinion Like I honestly have no words Like that poor baby and He's been going to the hospital in and out and getting check-ups because of that one little puff that you forced into your sense of mouth I want the fuck and then I'm also gonna put what she posted on Facebook Here so then just pause to read hold on That's like anyway pause to read that What do you guys think do you guys think that this child this time on the told baby boy should be taken out of custody? Or do you think that they should leave them there because who the fuck knows what else they're doing to this poor kid Like I'm actually so upset right now and I don't even know this person like they're across world for me I don't know"
" When he took mushrooms on the drive over which kicked him while he was there, and even though it was a small dose as he recalls it, it hit him way harder than expected. My uncle proceeded to kind of flip out and took a two hour long bath in our house to calm down. The only problem was, he accidentally turned the tap on his way out of the bath and flooded the bathroom. He did end up paying for the damages however. It took half a year for my father to concede to him being allowed in the house again. So, my uncle was over, and things were going good. We were all having. Dinner as a family, talking about the baby, my uncle was talking about how space aliens contacted him in his dream, typical stuff. The baby was asleep in the cot in the living room, and there was no sense of any danger. My uncle was perfectly understanding of the fact that he could not hold the baby. Well, my uncle excused himself to go to the bathroom, and off he went. On his way back to the kitchen, he stopped by the cot to look at the baby. This caught my father's attention, and before any of us could do anything. My uncle took his vape from his pocket, took a drag which lasted about 10 seconds, and proceeded to rip a huge cloud right in the baby's face. This caused the baby to wake up and start crying. I stood up, my mother rushed over to pick up the baby, but my dad stayed seated. My uncle laughed, saying he has inaugurated the baby into the family, and this sentence was all it took for my dad. My dad left from his chair and ran at my uncle, pushing him to the ground, proceeding to sock him in the face over and over again. I stood in shock, I had never seen my dad violent before. It felt like my dad wailed on him for hours, when in reality it was like 15 seconds before he stopped dude my mother screaming and begging him to stop while trying to drag him away. Although my dad only spent 15 or so seconds wailing on my uncle, he broke his nose and fractured some ribs, as well as cracked his jaw. The baby was crying, the ambulance was called by my mother, my uncle reported my father from the hospital which led to my dad being arrested but then bailed out by my mother. My uncle is now pressing charges for assault."
" So on my last video, we talked about breastfeeding and if it's good or bad, and kinda how all those studies played out. And there were a couple questions that I wanted to answer. Question that I wanted to address is will it affect my milk splice? Something that every breastfeeding and pumping mom worry about. Let's dig into it. To start us off, if you didn't see my last video, hi, my name is Sam. I am not a medical professional. I am just a mama with a bunch of research behind her hands. What I say take lightly, make sure you're talking to your physician, make sure you're working in regards to all of that, but this is just the studies that I've seen. So there's two things that mainly or not, mainly that really work together to produce your milk supply to hormones. Oxytocin and prolactin. Oxytocin's probably the most known hormone. It's love hormone, right? It's that lovey, w-feeling that you feel when you're hugging your newborn baby, when you're with your husband or wife or non-binary spouse. Oh, you know what I mean? It's that love hormone. And prolactin is created by the pituitary gland. The two really kind of come into play when it comes to breastfeeding, but as I said in my last video, there's not many studies going, oh, well, it's breastfeeding, going to increase it or decrease it because it's not really, I don't want to say humane, but not a lot of scientists are going to be like, here, go smoke this. And we'll see what happens to your baby. It's just, they don't do it like that. But there are a lot of studies when it comes to a schmokinshmeed and your oxytocin levels and your prolactin levels. Mainly because they wanted to study the pituitary gland, not necessarily breastfeeding. One thing that I'll say is if you're looking for any of these studies or if you wanted to research any of these studies, always look at a website that's.edu.gov.org because those are all regulated sites. So when it comes to the study of schmied and your oxytocin levels, it is actually increased when you do schmokschmeed. Same thing with prolactin, it's actually been studied that it increases prolactin levels as well. So those two hormones can increase. However, you're asking will it affect your mokes apply? Everybody's hormones are different, right? So like, for example, I have PCOS. My hormones are already done. So where my oxytocin might increase up to a certain amount, maybe my prolactin doesn't. Or maybe one is like completely out of the roof. And one is almost there, but all my other hormones are like, hold up, level it down. So it's all going to actually depend on that specific person and how their hormone levels will play out when they schmokschmeed. Which is hard, you can't really tell that, right? So I do this a lot when I answer questions and I tend to never give actual full on answers. So I'll get to the point. There's a couple of things that you can watch since you won't really know what your hormone levels are going to do. One, always watch your water intake. Make sure you are drinking your body weight in water. That may not be an accurate description, but you need to make sure you're drinking a lot of water. And we know that schmokschmeed makes us dehydrated bitches. So smoke your water, munch on popsicles, make sure you're getting, does it smoke your water? Oh, well, you get the point. Drink your water. That's going to be the number one thing. Drink, drink, drink. We all know that schmokschmeed makes us hungry. But are you snacking on the right shit? Because it doesn't always make you hungry for the things that your actual body needs. So if you get the munchies, make sure you're munching on things, high protein. Make sure you're getting all your food groups. Make sure everything's leveled out. That's going to be a really big one because not a lot of women actually eat their calories that they need to eat. You need to be eating at least 2,000 calories while you're breastfeeding. If you're a pumping mom or a part-time pumping mom, you got to remember to pump. Honestly, I'm already a forgetful bitch. So make sure you set a timer. Make sure you're pumping your normal three to four hour block, two to three hour block. Make sure you're doing your power pumps. If you need a power pump, that's going to be a big one. Make sure you remember to do that. Make sure your milk is already regulated. This generally happens between the six to 12 week of breastfeeding. Make sure you're getting a regular milk supply. And then at that point, you just really got to watch it. If you notice a dramatic dip, honestly, quit. Not breastfeeding, quit. This is just mokatch me. It's not worth it. And honestly, as long as you can make it as far as you can make it with your baby, that's going to be the number one thing that needs to come into play. So I hope that helped. Let me know if you have any other questions more than happy to."
" Okay, so throughout my high school experience, I have seen and observed the abundance of kids who babe And I'm certain you guys in high school still have as well Like these kids be hitting their vape pens, like it's their nine and five job, like Like god damn chill a little bit Well based on my observations throughout the years, I think I'm well enough qualified to speak on the different types of kids who babe So let's get into it Okay, first we got the washroom vapors Okay, so imagine this, you're in class and you raise your hand to go to the washroom The teacher then grants you permission and you head on down through the hallways and make it to the washroom So you open the door and boom There's like six dudes all showing in the washroom taking up as much space like they're the gatekeepers While they're smacking their vapes creating a thick fog in the entire washroom Like bro, I'm just trying to take a dump or a little tinkle And there's cherry-smell and fog that just came out of your German chest and mouth walking my vision Like what if I missed the urinal or toilet because of your vape clouds visually impairing me It would be your fault and therefore your mesochemino. Don't be like these guys Next we have the kids who vape during class This is the kid who can't go a whole period without hitting their pen And they try to hide the smoke by bogging it into their sweater Or out in open window when the teacher isn't looking But then sometimes the kid gets caught and caught out by the teacher and it usually ends up like this Are you vaping in my class Jordan? Uh no, why would I do that? It's like really bad for you know that miss? Go to the office now Jordan, come on miss. I now okay fine Next up we have the beggar. This kid will beg and bother other people who have vapes for a hit And they are literally allergic to buying their own device They're like comparable to a parasite just leaching other people's ejuice for themselves Yo is that a vape? Yeah, can I get a hit bro? Yeah sure go ahead Yo how's it bro? Yo can I get another one? Uh, I mean sure Bro last one I swear fine last one Yo bro, please bro I'm begging what last one man please bro, please Next we have the kiduka do tricks So this kid has been vaping for a good amount of time and saw people doing some tricks with their vape on the internet And thought it was the coolest thing ever and began watching YouTube tutorials on how to blow o's vape trick All of them all these kids are pretty chill and I'm not gonna lie the tricks These people do vape clouds are pretty cool Well, you can't lie they're pretty cool next up. We got the pro vapor This guy has completely given up on getting rid of their addiction and moved on from your average disposable vapes He's using some next level upgraded vapes that look like cards that should be found in a robot One hit from one of these will have you turning into a transformer ready to fight some decepticons Auto watch roll out Next we have the I'm not addicted kid This kid will use any remaining lunch money given from his parents just to buy more carts And will argue with you on how they aren't addicted When they clearly are and they just don't want to admit it These types of people will argue like their life depends on it Yo dude are you vaping bro? Yeah bro I thought you quit Yeah bro after this car runs out I'm done for good Trust me Yeah right bro you said that like three other times you're definitely addicted And I'm not bro I can quit like anytime I want to You think I'm gonna let this chemical dictate what I do? No man Okay whatever you say Two days later Oh man it's how to juice One mango cart please Bye if you don't And finally we have the classic kid who loses their vape This kid is so addicted to his vape that he's built like a reliance to it My bro needs it or else he will die and explode into a thousand pieces But when he loses it he starts freaking out like he's the joker Like where's it where's it where's it where's it Like he just lost his newborn baby looking like gallum from the hobbit He starts looking everywhere in his room and starts moving stuff everywhere Creating a whole mess Like usually they find it in the most obvious locations in the end too Like in the pocket of their jacket Like nice one man you just made a whole mess in your room that you have to clean up now When it was in the most obvious place to check Okay bye"
" You think girls that they for red flag or you don't care? I think anybody that vapes a red flag That's my personal band my personal band. I think anybody that blames me is knowing that never my life Have I ever talked to myself? Let me be I'm not a baby. I try it one time I start confident shit my the old fuck up post I try to make a wimp The people who make come on some weak rooms. Oh, no your lungs are weak I'm working on it. They take my shimmy to somebody do some on week as longs Your lungs will come out and look like my fuck is some some In part of some of some bar to you reads fuck is you talking about Netting my life. I am a man. They can you you you about if you break down the bank with a Fuck is the smoke coming from because I say somebody open up the inside of it. Let me get him gone You're done to get on right but he thought was fantastic never in my life when you open up a date You never open up a date. Okay, do you see here? No, this it it be cat and balls copper wires and a small Air's battery what the fuck is you smoking cuz what the fuck is it you coming from How do you make it taste like that? What kind of balls but you smoking that shit you stupid bitch Well, then air from a big come from the air. Yeah, he don't that zone. You already. Oh my god He said the air from a big come from air W science you might have done it to say some mango being a documentary brother They'll put you right in that documentary. Why? Why what what what Jin Z is all that from me you stupid man. I stopped FW this girl cuz she claimed to smoke a sick once a month I got me personally I Rather be around somebody I smoke cigarettes than my fucking baby juice cuz at least with cigarettes like some distress But baby you say my look they make boy fuck it if you ever try to take a yo-frolin from a girl right you have a nose That young woman try to a young fucking man how strong she is let somebody lose a vape I see somebody lift up a whole car to find a date boy I see my girl man Guys, you lose a bit up with Dan Then pull my switch out the way she can try to do it To my goodness oh my The boy to start having to start each name that shit worst into crap, I'm a mother toæ–°èž right that getting my I'm a baby man man man I'm a fuckers that day rather lose a phone Wallet ID Passport Hairline Clothes Shoes Money PC Games PSI-A rather lose everything in the world versus lose a motherfucker baby That's it y'all bro If you vape a 2024 you need some help And the only you can't say say Well why people do what they wanna do? That's fine Well you end up like a motherfucker in this space With the big ass long hair on this shit Land on the bed I love you one thing this Christmas time Fallout death animation Now it ain't funny no more Now when they use it you don't use it for now when you're in commercials this shit I remember when I was a fucking face Now you look like a motherfucker Cause I don't even know what the fuck is that I'm an experienced man You try to press inside your nose shit I remember when I was a baby when I was eight No, it didn't done like me You can die right in the middle of the commercial You're not hard there And you're in the commercial I'm not gonna die, don't worry I'm sorry I'm not gonna win there man Bring another one over man Another one gone, another one bites the dust Maybe your dumb ass throw your ass right there in the fucking dumpster Then say cause you want smoke bases shit But I won't fucking press your side and make a talk shit Be aware of me start realising I'm a backslap in shit out You never bring around me like that man Cause I'm trying to eat my food I'm not fucking messing my shit right there in the restaurant I used to try to eat your fucking filet And you know I'm not gonna write this out I'm not gonna backslap in shit out Cause you doing that shit in my food well Well my mom will backslap in shit out Cause I'm a mom and I'm a backslap in shit out You girls Say the time my mom fucking food in shit man Say the time bring around my family backslap in shit out You guys are my mom and my mom and my mom and my wife And I just see you people, I just see you fix yo Boy, I just see somebody open up a bed Cause I'm a fucking stop working I swear to god, I'm a fucking turn yo I want some scientist shit Start re-figuring the wires in the cart in shit My fucker wasn't hitting no more They Try to eat your business shit Fixing my fucking shit How's that bitch? Start smoking again? Oh I'm like oh yeah Oh yeah, this my fucking I'm looking at him, my fucking ass start turning black in shit I said oh this my fucking name man I ain't going to your funeral, ain't got nothing to do with me No asking to either, stupid man Okay, anybody I think is a red fucking flank And that's just my personal thing"
" What's up? Hey. I have like, legit anxiety. Why? I have a vibe. Okay, I'm feeling it. The John wants to say something to me. He wants to see him. He's wanting to come at me. He's wanting to come at me, Kristian. Tell me, I would not feel this way. I would not feel this way. And I had this much anxiety if there was not some trigger creating it like, I don't want to fight. I don't know. I'm not fighting with anybody. So. Okay. Okay. That's fine. I mean, just go. I want you to come in there. I want to go with us. Give John a chance. I'm not gonna ask you why. I'm sensitive to energy. And I don't want his vibes in my chicken. Just want to take me. Okay, stop. Just stop. He's like a one of attack you. Relax. Relax. I want to see him relax. I do. God. Just be nice. Hey. What's up? There's something that doesn't feel right. My vibes, my tickers, my all of it's flying. But there's no way I can even explain this to John because my sister doesn't want him to know about our psychic abilities. Because she's afraid to lose him. She's afraid he'll judge her. Or not see her the same. Oh my God, my little image is not. I'm not this perfect cookie cutter person. I'm not a separate wife. I just want, I want this things to go good. You know what I mean? Like I don't want, she says I mean you, John, all the time. Oh. Literally. Yeah. But you say I mean you. No. I said you don't like me. I never said that. I do like you. Well, you need to know how close we are, John. You don't even know. She's like, she don't know how close we are. Okay. And I don't want you to not like me because of... I've never said I didn't like you. Okay. So I guess I'm crazy. I guess I'm crazy because I feel shit. So you did I say that though? I have anxiety right now because I know John. Something bothers you right now about me. It bothers me that you don't like me. John, you clear it me. See, oh, there we go. I don't have the time of the day to glare at somebody. I don't glare at people I don't like. I just tell them I don't like them. I absolutely did not glare at her. It's amazing that she came up with that out of nowhere. So right now I'm saying, let's fix it. Let's fix it. We don't need to do that. Let's fix it. Okay. How about we all say, you know what? I accept you. I accept you. I accept you. And we all be ourselves. And we all tell each other everything about who the fuck we are. Let's own it. Let's be honest. Because if I could be myself, then she could be herself. And we could all be ourselves. We've been ourselves. You don't tell John your psychic powers. That's where you change. I think that you hide her. I can't be real. I can't tote my crystals around. I can't flip cards in front of them. It's weird to me. I want to be able to be free and do that. I think you need to tell them. I want the freedom to make my own decisions. And tell John when I'm comfortable. When I feel ready. It doesn't have to be when she wants me to. I need you to think about this what I'm about. Have you ever thought that the Christina, who she is when she's not with you, when she's with me, with whoever else, that that is the real Christina? How can John sit there and tell me that he knows my sister when he has no idea about anything about her childhood, about her psychic powers? She has no clue. Christina has been lying to you, John. You don't even know what she's doing. You're lying to you, John. You don't even know that. You're so oblivious to it all. Oh my god. I have to learn to do her because I didn't know this Christina. I didn't know that Christina. You know what? You know what? I don't know the Christina you've known. The one that caters to you. You can't hear. Oh my god. You're just not listening. You have to admit that I am listening. No, you're not listening. I'm listening. I'm listening. You're not listening."
" taxicuss and copies my entire life. I planned to use this to ruin her. My cousin's actions of copying me continued. Her parents spent over 15K on her rushed wedding and she decided to just go to the courthouse instead. She changed her plans last minute after I said I was going to the courthouse myself. Her parents were furious. Not only was it a waste of their money they can't get back, but they also can't come down for the courthouse wedding they're doing. I also asked that they knew about the go fund me that she set up asking for donations in case anyone wants to help them celebrate and they said no. Her dad was having none of them called her to take it down. I'm not sure if it was taken down or not since I have her blocked on all social media now. About me lying about being pregnant, her parents and my parents, and most of my friends, were all in the loop about me lying. Her fiance kept spam calling and texting me about what kind of things I was buying for my baby and I told him a whole bunch of things. I made an Amazon wishlist and sent it to him. He did mention that it was kind of expensive but I kept saying how much I needed these items because they were so cute and that I knew my cousin would love them. They help. He ended up buying a lot of stuff. My cousin called me asking to go shopping with me for the babies and that's when I told her that mine was a false positive and how let them out was but that I was happy for her. Her fiance called me extremely ticked off because there were things he bought that he couldn't return and I should have told him sooner. I asked how that would matter since she is actually pregnant and he hung up. I talked to her mom and she told me that my cousin admitted to faking being pregnant and now her partner is upset with her for lying."
" Hey y'all, so I'm from an update to y'all about my appointment yesterday. So I went to my appointment yesterday to do my nst and a son of ramb. So I was explaining to them about the brachum picks I've been having over the past couple days. I mean I didn't have for none really yesterday but I'm explaining to her and I've been in pain having been able to sleep in this any third. So now she hooks me up to the machines and monitors to see if I'm having contractions. It's absolutely nothing. So at this moment she's looking at me like, um, miss, you must be praising. So I'm like, I don't know why it's not doing anything now but why as soon as she took me off the machine the raps and hicks start. But she's looking at me like I must be delusion. I'm like, miss, I know what was going on. So long story short, should I, oh, you need to see your old being? I haven't seen this old be since December 13th. Today is January 18th. Like I've been calling trying to make an appointment. This lady just refused to send in to that office phone. The last time I seen her she had the EMT coming get me because I was complaining about dizziness which turned out to be vertebral dehydration. I explained to her I felt dizzy. Next thing you know, they knocking on the door and taking me out. This woman never even explained to me what possibly could be happened and she never came to communicate with the EMT. Oh, she never came to even explain to the EMT why they was taking me and where she wanted me to go or nothing. So they're like, why is she not communicating with us? I'm like, I don't know. This lady is weird. So now I'm at the clinic where I desperately want to change my old be but no other clinic or doctor wants to take me at this moment because they've looked at me too far in my pregnancy and wants me to continue where I am. But I'm so unsatisfied. Like how am I supposed to trust this lady with my life or my newborn's life? Instructions are from the Unique properly. At first she seems to be okay but now it's like, I don't like her. I don't like her. I really don't like this lady. So when she sees me on the 30th, I hope she prepares because she's going to catch this smoke. She definitely will catch this smoke."
" x-smokers, how did you overcome your addiction to cigarettes? So it all started with my mother. She smoked most of her life. She definitely didn't let up when she was pregnant with me. I was born under weight, as is typical. I was breastfed, and when she tried to wean me, I started having startling symptoms. Shaking, screaming. She thought I was having a seizure. Dr. said I was going through nicotine withdrawal as a baby. I was jonesing for my nicotine fixed to the point I'd bully my younger brother off the honker. I got at least a good two solid years of breastfeeding, monopolizing it to the point where my mom got so sick of breastfeeding that she took my brother off early. Smoking was in the house constantly. I always wanted to sit by mommy when she smoked. The fumes were a part of my life. I started officially smoking at 12. All my friends coughing? Evan casuals, I ripped the filters off because that's how mommy do. I moved on from those Virginia slims to Marborough with the filters ripped off. By the time I was 16 I decided to come out with my habit to my mother because I figured only an idiot couldn't tell I was a smoker. I mean, she could even smell it because of the brand change. Well, she cried, yelled and I was just staring at her dump-founded. She tried her best to make me feel like a worthless, weak piece of crap for picking up this habit that she tried so hard to shield me from and that she raised me better. Then she lights a cigarette up and says look how much you've stressed me out. This is coming from the woman that when I begged her to quit when I was younger she screamed in my face that this was one thing in her life that she could enjoy. So, she verbally and emotionally abuses me from this point out. Her room smells disgusting because you smoke. I'm going to start smoking outside because I don't want this house to smell like crap. Yeah that lasted a week. Anyways I turned 18 soon after. I officially and legally can smoke. Mum. Start sending me off to pick up the smokes. When life gives lemons you make lemonade I guess. She also never, never let me off the hook. Always had something to say about me smoking and how she wasn't as bad. I smoked those menthol ones for a bit. Started coughing up lead. Decided to stop those. I stopped eating much. I then lived off of cigarettes and Dr. Pepper. Leading to me dropping to 94 pounds. So then I turned 19. I met a guy who doesn't smoke. I decided that year I'm going to quit. My mum, desperate to somehow keep on some level with me, says she's going to do it too. Well my boyfriend helped me quit, I used the patches for about two weeks. Then I just got effing tired of using them so I stopped them and went cold turkey. My mum fell off the wagon and tried to hide it from me but with me getting my sense of smell back, as well as her coughing up chunks of tar. I could smell it all over her. She then started trying to control my life more. She now doesn't want to let me go anywhere and says I have to stay home and watch my brother. I ran away from home when I was 20 and didn't talk to her a few years because she insisted on keeping the relationship toxic. I now haven't smoked in nearly 10 years. But I still dream of cigarettes. It's still a struggle. I think about going back to it all the time."
" What's up? You may know me formally as the smokestop buddy, but now I'm just playing all Katie Roads. Mother to be. I got all the smokestop because I found out I was pregnant. I am now 13 weeks pregnant. And this has been like a rollercoaster of events. I was so sick. The first 10 weeks of pregnancy. I was nauseous. I wasn't even throwing up. Like I just felt disgusting. It was like, it literally how I told all my friends I was like, I feel like I have a hangover. I'm never ending hangover and I had no fun the night before. At all. So now I'm actually feeling better. I want to start being tipped-talks again. But definitely my content's going to switch over. I'm not going to be talking about smokestop related things anymore. Maybe we'll go visit every now and then. But definitely going more towards pregnancy stuff because this pregnancy has been insane. I went to the doctor yesterday to save a head, a urinary tract infection. Turns out I didn't have one. But when they did my P analysis, they found out that there are key tones present in my body. If you don't know what key tones are, it's when you go into ketosis on a diet where you eat no carbs. This was very alarming to my doctor. She's like, you're pregnant. You need to be eating. Are you not eating? I was like, yes, I'm eating. She's like, what did you eat today? I was all if you must ask. I had eggs, bacon, cinnamon toast, and a cinnamon roll for breakfast. And then for lunch, I had a KFC. I had a KFC chicken sandwich, a large french fry, two biscuits. Like, I'm eating, lady. And I heard the best news of my life. She's like, okay. Well, I think you need to be eating more. You need to up your calorie intake and drink a lot more water. And I was just like, what? I guess it makes sense because I have been losing weight since I got pregnant. Like, I weigh less than I did when I found out that was pregnant. Like, 10, 15 pounds less. So this will be interesting. But she literally told a pregnant lady, the best news ever, that I can eat more. How do you have to worry? Are you going to eat more? Say less."
Join me for a day in the life of a very pregnant lady who lives with her in-laws because the house renovation project that her and her husband took on is not complete yet. I'm really excited about today because we are going over to the house to do a full work day so I'm excited to see it. It's been about two weeks since I've seen it due to travel and letting the floors dry. I had to take Margo on a walk before we headed over there. Quick fit check. It was pretty cold today to be honest. Here it is. Here are the floors. They look amazing. Thank goodness they were dry so we could walk around on them and so everything starting off next week could go off without a hitch. But I'm really excited about the floors and the texture you can see. Here are all of our lights. Our electrician is coming on Monday so we sorted the lights and put them all in the room that they go to. Here's that outside. You can see there's still a ton of work to be done so we're going to burn some of this trash today. Here's me and my mother and last setting up some shelves that my some of my work stuff will go on that can feed outside in a shed. But as you could you could see the outside needs a ton of work and so that's really what we focused on mostly today. Checking on the burn pile. There it is and then I decided to rake leaves. There are little crevices and corners like this all over our property that just need a ton of TLC. Once the smoke got too bad I decided to call quits and headed back home took Marjo out for another little short walk. Met my activity goal today so that's exciting. And then I had to have a quick snack because I didn't eat lunch really so I had to get something in and then I had to get the smell of smoke off with me. I just cannot stand it so I had to do a full hair wash routine which is not my favorite but you know it is what it is. I washed my hair about twice a week and then during the hair drying session is when I really started to stress out and started to think to myself did I contribute enough to the house project today was there something else I could have done? Was there something I missed? And so really started to kind of have a little bit of an existential crisis during my hair session. But I am really excited about what we've got coming up this week. I don't want to tell you guys because I don't want to jinx it and have something not come off but I will bring you along every step of the way as we get new and exciting things in. And I tried out this heatless curls and I've done heatless curl several times it works pretty well. There's my fit and I relaxed with my compression socks on which is awesome. And then we're going to spend the rest of the evening eating pizza and relaxing and watching movies and that is it.
" Some look at me and think I had an easy life and that's ridiculous. My mother had 1,000 by proxy. Literally, she would tell me when she was young that when she was pregnant with me she used to smoke cigarettes, hoping that she would miscarry me. When I was little, she found out I was highly, deathly allergic to down feathers. She bought me down jackets, down bed covers, down bledding, bedding, anything that had feathers hoping to kill me. I was put in the hospital numerous times because of things she did to the point where doctors were like, we're gonna have to call CPS soon. So she got smarter. But my father was an attorney who loved to just randomly sue and ruin anybody's life. So every time somebody would threaten, he'd be like, oh no, that might make me look bad because I'm trying to be a judge who he never would be. So then he would go so a doctor, so a hospital and they'd be like, never mind, never mind. So I was never able to be saved. My father molested me when I was a child and abused me. My brother and my mother told me I was crazy. My doctors and psychiatrist said no, she's not crazy. She has all the signs. I just found out this morning that my mother forged my name in 2011 and took out my entire retirement account but told me that they just deleted it. So there was a check she took. She forged my name. Meanwhile around the same time in 2011, she threw me out of the house, made me homeless, installed all the money on my bank account because we both have El Maloy as her first initial and last name. So they let her. I was homeless with no money. She then canceled my credit cards, my cell phone, forcing me to stay homeless and then told all the family, I tried to harm her and that's why I got kicked out. I have never, ever raised a hand to my mother in my entire life. I wouldn't want that on my soul. So if you think I've had an easy life, you don't see the scars that God had on the inside. My mother broke my tailbone when I was a small child with my own door knob to punish me from running away from her when I was a little kid because she had a metal frying pan in her hand. My brother pretends that I am just a psychopath and he is great. So is my sister-in-law. I never had find my algebra. I was just lazy. I didn't have PTSD. I am just a mean brat. None of that is true. My mother had my child's in my proxy. To this day, people still think that I am a villain and she was a glorious soul. Having no idea, she used to poison my coffee and poison my food. How do I know? Because those are the moments that she wasn't hungry. Where she was just drinking water instead of coffee and this is a woman who was fueling coffee 24 hours a day. This woman is a fucking villain and if you knew Linda Malloy and you thought she was nice, she conned you. That is all the answer is I am lucky to be alive in spite of"
" X-smokers, how did you overcome your addiction to cigarettes? So it all started with my mother. She smoked most of her life. She definitely didn't let up when she was pregnant with me. I was born under weight, as is typical. I was breastfed, and when she tried to wean me, I started having startling symptoms. Shaking, screaming. She thought I was having a seizure. Dr. Sett I was going through nicotine withdrawal as a baby. I was jonesing for my nicotine fixed to the point I'd bully my younger brother off the honker. I got at least a good two solid years of breastfeeding, monopolizing it to the point where my mom got so sick of breastfeeding that she took my brother off early. Smoking was in the house constantly. I always wanted to sit by mommy when she smoked. The fumes were a part of my life. I started officially smoking at 12. All my friends coughing? Evan Casuals, I ripped the filters off because that's how mommy do. I moved on from those Virginia slums to Marborough with the filters ripped off. By the time I was 16 I decided to come out with my habit to my mother because I figured only an idiot couldn't tell I was a smoker. I mean, she could even smell it because of the brand change. Well, she cried, yelled and I was just staring at her dump-founded. She tried her best to make me feel like a worthless, weak piece of crap for picking up this habit that she tried so hard to shield me from and that she raised me better. Then she lights a cigarette up and says look how much you've stressed me out. This is coming from the woman that when I begged her to quit when I was younger she screamed in my face that this was one thing in her life that she could enjoy. So, she verbally and emotionally abuses me from this point out. Your room smells disgusting because you smoke. I'm going to start smoking outside because I don't want this house to smell like crap. Yeah, that lasted a week. Anyways, I turned 18 soon after. I officially and legally can smoke. Mom. Start sending me off to pick up the smokes. When life gives lemons you make lemonade I guess. She also never, never let me off the hook. Always had something to say about me smoking and how she wasn't as bad. I smoked those menthol ones for a bit. Started coughing up blood. Decided to stop those. I stopped eating much. I then lived off of cigarettes and Dr. Pepper. Leading to me dropping to 94 pounds. So then I turned 19. I met a guy who doesn't smoke. I decided that year I'm going to quit. My mom, desperate to somehow keep on some level with me, says she's going to do it too. Well, my boyfriend helped me quit. I used the patches for about two weeks. Then I just got effing tired of using them so I stopped them and went cold turkey. My mom fell off the wagon and tried to hide it from me but with me getting my sense of smell back, as well as her coughing up chunks of tar, I could smell it all over her. She then started trying to control my life more. She now doesn't want to let me go anywhere and says I have to stay home and watch my brother. I ran away from home when I was 20 and didn't talk to her a few years because she insisted on keeping the relationship toxic. I now haven't smoked the nearly 10 years. But I still dream of cigarettes. It's still a struggle. I think about going back to it all the time."
" After quitting smoking, does the body come back to health? Smoking not only makes it harder for women to get pregnant, it can also cause men to lose their virility. With every puff of a cigarette, there are more than 5,000 chemical compounds. Into your body, these harmful substances not only damage tooth and amel and damage the nerve endings of smell and taste, and they can damage the cilia that clean the respiratory tract and increase the risk of lung infections. And what's worse, chemicals can cause genetic mutations that make the body less resistant to cancer. Not only that, the chemicals and cigarettes, like nicotine, can thicken the walls of blood vessels, platelets become sticky, which can lead to various cardiovascular diseases. Although long-term smoking can seriously affect your health, but if you start quitting now, after one day, your blood pressure and heart rate will return to normal, and your risk of heart attack will start to drop. In two days, the nerve endings of smell and taste will begin to repair themselves. If you can last a month, the health of your lungs will improve dramatically. Symptoms like coughing and shortness of breath will be relieved, but don't get too excited. The damaged hair like cilia will take at least 9 months to repair. Once the cilia are back to normal, they'll be able to strengthen, to clean up foreign objects like dust and bacteria. If you keep at it for a year, then cardiovascular disease will gradually improve. The risk of a heart attack is cut in half at this point. After 5 years, the chances of blood clots plummeting, the risk of stroke will continue to decrease. After 10 years, the body's ability to repair DNA is fully restored. The risk of lung cancer drops by 50 percent. After 15 years, the risk of coronary heart disease can be reduced to the same level as non-smokers. This shows that after quitting smoking, the body can regain its health, but it takes a long time, and nicotine induced withdrawal is very painful. Once you can't stand the temptation, you'll lose all you've gained. You have to have enough self-control to keep going."
" I think my cousins, but John's before. Yeah, you said yeah, you said, mm-hmm. What the... No, I saw it in a natural way, in a normal way, my cousin was pregnant. She went into labor and she's like, Hey, I need you to take me to the hospital right now. And I was like, okay, okay. But let me smoke this OG Kush real quick. And I'm not a woman. I don't know about labor, but I know it's gonna be a long day. And I was like, let me get my mind right. So I'll get high real quick. And I brush her to the hospital and ask me, my cousin and the doctor. And then he asks me, he says, do you want to see a baby being brought into the world? And I'm high as fuck, you know. I was like, hell yeah, dude. That's like national geographic in real life. You know, she's got a legs in the stir-ups, the clampy things. And I'm just staring at it. And staring at it. And staring at it. Nothing happens to you. Within it. So I look at the doctor. I'm like, hey. And he's like, oh my god, I'm so sorry. It was too soon. Yeah. I staring at my cousin's vagina for no reason at all, bro. It was, I know it was like two minutes. One of my highs held. I felt like two years to me. So like 20 minutes go by. And the doctor says the baby's crowning down. Come back and give it a look. And I was like, I don't know, bro. Fool me once. Shame on you, dude. Fool me twice. That's my cousin's pussy. Bro."
" Okay, so update on the appointment today. The appointment today was for a program called Q-Tip, which I find slightly amusing, but it's actually a quick tobacco and pregnancy. I get to pretend I'm a toddler for a while. It's a rewards-based system, so basically today I went in and we got a packet. We talked about what my triggers for smoking are. Things like that. I'm going to go for the water bottle and the water bottle, if I can get it open, hang on a second here. Has a straw and that's actually really important because the straw kind of gives you that whole hand-amount with sucky motion, which smoking would give you, which hopefully, we'll help. We'll see. I'm going to try to find something I actually like to drink to put in it, but I'm not going to put chocolate milk in. It's kind of been fading as a drink for me anyway, but you also go over all the things that are triggers for you and ways to kind of cut back more to get ready to quit at different options available. For me, the best way to do it is to gut down. Right now, the goal is to get down to four to five a day. Once I can get down to that, then we'll go for the quitting portion. I'll have another appointment in a month, which I will go in for and every time you go in, including today, they do a carbon monoxide breathing test to show how high your carbon monoxide is in your system. Each time you go in and you do that breath test, you get to pick out of the prizes and that kind of helps to raise the dopamine in your brain, which is what smoking gives you. It's what the nicotine does. It's the same way you would try to help a toddler to fix a behavior or a child to fix a behavior. But the problem is we don't realize that we don't have a lot of rewards in this world today. We don't have a lot of real things that make us feel good. I'll go back in about a month and we'll do the carbon monoxide. The goal right now is, I don't remember what we're getting it down to, but I've got all of that. Then once I go in and do that again, then I get to pick another prize, which for me right now will probably be the movie wrap because I'm a baby wearer. That's the number one thing I want. Then she asked if there were other things that I think would be good up there, so I told her definitely like diaper inserts because I prefer reusable diapers over disposable because it's a lot cheaper in the long run. I also have a lot of my kids have issues with a lot of the diapers we used. So today is just more health and support to quit because that is my goal is to quit before he gets here. But yeah, figured I would give you guys all a little bit of an update of what that program is and how that program works. So if you live here in Oregon, if you're pregnant, if you're trying to quit, definitely contact Wick. Talk to Q-Tip. Get in the program because even if you don't succeed, any support that you can get is going to be positive in this regard when it comes to pregnancy. So I guess that's my up to anything you want to add? No. And when she's done, it's my turn. He's going to quit after I do. That way we have no reason to restart. Ever. Wish us luck guys."
Good morning. Get ready with me while I list the things that I will not be allowing in my second pregnancy. First things first I will not be allowing any visitors to the house in the first probably 30 days after I give birth and maybe longer than that. Secondly I will not be allowing anybody in the delivery room. It's actually kind of weird to me for people to see me all exposed and stuff like that. I was very strict on that when I was pregnant with Aidan and everybody kept telling me like you're gonna want somebody in there like you're gonna want your mom in there like somebody like a female you're gonna want somebody in there with you while you're giving birth and I was like no I loved it when I was pregnant with Aidan and it was just me and Sean that was a vulnerable moment for us and I'm gonna love it again with this baby it's just gonna be me and him. Kissing on my newborn baby negative. Act actually keep your face and your lips as far away from my child as possible. This should be common sense for anybody to not kiss a newborn baby like why would you do that? Don't pass him around while you're holding him. If I give him to you then that means you give him back to me and I will give him to someone else because I may not want that person holding him. Really I'm not allowing certain amount of people in the house when I do allow visitors at like at a time but really don't I mean like we're not we're not passing him around. This is not no and I would just address that issue when it's there probably not gonna have that issue but I feel like I feel like I need to say it anyway. When my son is crying give him back to me give him back to me or give him back to his dad like whoever was ever present at the time and we will figure out what's wrong with him but more than likely while I'm in PPV I'm probably gonna want my baby if he's crying it's gonna it's just gonna be like a just give him back to me we don't need to talk about it. Oh my god this was like the egg for me when I was when I had when I just had a didn't when I was trying to like breastfeed and stuff I really don't like people hovering while I'm trying to breastfeed especially as a new mom like I don't really want the critique I don't need people like if I don't ask for it just don't offer it. I'll hover when I'm feeding don't hover when I'm changing his diaper just don't hover just if I leave the room that doesn't mean you leave to. This kind of goes into the hovering thing but like the suggestions like no suggestions I don't I don't need I don't need to tell me I just I don't just keep it to yourself. If I don't ask for it I don't need it I'm here into you I'm not gonna ask for it but keep your advice your suggestions your what you did when you were pregnant what you did when you had a newborn baby just keep it to yourself. No I didn't ask. No you cannot change his diaper. I don't think anybody has changed Aidan's diaper until he was like seven months. I'm the only one because she actually came down to help me in that first week after I had Aidan so of course like of course. No you cannot keep my new born baby fun like period. You can't watch him for a couple of hours you can't watch him overnight you don't ask but I feel like because I had Aidan there's gonna be someone who's gonna be like okay well you know like let me just keep you know give you a break and you know and I get it like it's cool but honestly like during that time I really just want to be a new born bliss like most like the the most important time that you can have with your kid is like the beginning stages skin to skin breastfeeding just being with them all day like that you literally just got ripped from my womb and now everybody is already trying to touch you and hold you and take you away from me like no I didn't have that issue with Aidan somebody actually did ask if they can keep him when he was like two months and I was like are you crazy? I'm just not getting to a point where I'm allowing people to keep Aidan. So this is kind of something I feel like I don't have to say honestly no smokers like we don't we're not smokers me and Shawn we don't allow smoking in our house there will be no smoking anywhere close to my kid so if you smoke don't come because it's gonna piss me off I didn't have this problem with Aidan I cannot stand the smell of marijuana or tobacco or vapes I don't like it I don't want it around me why do I still have these on? okay lastly now visitors at the hospital with an exception of like two people but I don't want like everybody coming to the hospital hovering and like we're still legitimately in the hospital I don't even know why you would ask like I said that's a really intimate time for me and Shawn I want it to be just me and him and like my mom's gonna be in town keeping Aidan while I'm in labor she's allowed to come because only because I want to see my son with the exception of two people they know who they are but no visitors in hospital that's it so thank you guys for watching I'll see you later bye
" Does the body come back full circle to health after quitting smoking? Smoking not only makes it harder for women to get pregnant, it can also make men worse off in some way, every time you take a drag on a cigarette. There are more than chemicals in your body, these harmful substances not only damage tooth enamel. They also damage nerve endings in the senses otomel and taste, and they damage the sillier that clean the respiratory tract. And increase the risk of lung infections. What's worse, chemicals can cause genetic mutations that make the body less resistant to cancer, not only that, but chemicals in cigarettes, like nicotine, can thicken the walls of blood vessels. And make platelets sticky, which can lead to various cardiovascular diseases, although long term smoking can seriously affect your health. But if you start quitting now, then after one day, your blood pressure and heart rate will return to normal. Your risk of heart attack will start to decrease. In two days, the nerve endings of smell and taste will begin to repair themselves. If you've got a month without cracking, the health of your lungs will improve dramatically. Symptoms like coughing and shortness of breath will be relieved, but don't get too excited. The damaged hair like sillier will take at least nine months to repair, once the sillier return to normal. They'll be able to clean up for an object like dust and bacteria. If you stick with it, a year and don't give up, then cardiovascular disease will gradually improve. At this point, the risk of a heart attack is cut in half after five years. The chances of blood clots plummeting, the risk of stroke will continue to decrease. After ten years, the body's ability to repair DNA is fully restored. The risk of lung cancer drops by 50% after 15 years. The risk of coronary heart disease is the same as a non-smoker. This shows that the body can regain its health after quitting smoking, but it takes a long time, and nicotine induced withdrawal is very painful. Once you can't stand the temptation, it's all gone. So you have to have enough self-control to keep going. Follow me. Take you to learn more interesting knowledge."
" Ada for being upset my sister is pregnant, I.30.f. just found out my younger sister. 25.f. is pregnant and I'm quite upset about it. Let's call her Ruth. For backstory, Ruth makes the worst choices when presented the options. In high school she got involved with drugs of some sort and eventually married a guy we all assumed to have been her dealer. He had a kid already and Ruth was happy to have a pre-built family so to speak. Her husband never graduated high school and can't keep a job. Ruth did graduate, but never pursued education from there, which is fine. Neither did I, but sticks with minimum wage jobs. The few times she had gotten better paying jobs she has been fired for sleeping in and missing shifts, or will straight up quit cause it's not the vibe she wants. She eventually cheated on her husband with her new dealer so they divorced. The new dealer got her into meth and they both were eventually arrested for possession and various other things. We all thought the jail time would snap her out of her chaos, but she did what she always does and shifted the blame to whoever else she could. Our mom bailed her out, paid the impound for her car, etc. to try and get her on her feet. Ruth recently got back with her ex-husband and just now told our mom she is pregnant. She lives in a rundown white trash neighborhood and a house that is falling apart. She has at least 10 cats and 5 dogs, none of which are treated for flee slash takes or fed well even though she claims to be rescuing them. She smokes and vapes constantly. To the point of my asthma cloud of cigarettes smoke follows her everywhere, and we are all convinced she is still doing some assortment of drugs based on her behavior, power and general lack of money. Our mom has had to pay bills for her and I'm not convinced Ruth pays her back despite my mom claiming she does eventually. Ruth has always been attention seeking. When my wife and I got engaged, Ruth was suddenly announcing her engagement to her husband. She planned her wedding to be in our grandparents backyard on their wedding anniversaries and homage to them. When my wife and I bought our house, Ruth jumped the gun and bought a single white trailer to put on a piece of land her husband owns. It was radian rundown, was yellowed inside from cigarette smoke, and there was gunshot holes in some of the mirror pains in the house. She has a habit of putting lipstick on a pick, as the saying goes, so claimed it had great bones and she could fix it. Now, my wife and I just succeeded in getting pregnant from IVF. It took a long time and a lot of medical visits, but it took an I am 4.5 meters along, as fate would have it."
" Dad neglected me for his narcissistic wife who wants to get rid of me. Now that they have a son they want me to move out. My dad and my mom separated a long time ago because my mom messed around a lot with substances. Her pregnancy was very high risk because she found it really hard to quit smoking and drinking. My dad made her quick cold turkey, but he would always find her with a drink in hand. I didn't suffer a lot for it, but it definitely messed me up. When my mom gave birth, my dad went through with a divorce and got full custody of me. Since it was just us for a long time, I got very used to his presence and being the only girl in his life. He was a very busy man but he always made time to watch movies with me, take me on vacation out of state, we even went to Disney World once. It was amazing with it just being the two of us. But then Nina came into the picture. Nina was my dad's wife whom he married five years ago. I'll admit I didn't like her. She stole my dad away all the time. She would constantly want to go on dates with him so I had to stay with a babysitter or by myself when I got older. It got really lonely and I missed spending time with my dad. It seemed like Nina had it out for me and wanted him to start a new life with him and without me. She never even tried to bond with me. My dad would push for us to do girly things together, but Nina would always say she's too tired or say she already had plans. I got the hint and stopped involving myself with her. Because of this distance between us, my dad started to forget I existed. He would make dinner for the two of us and he got into the habit of only making portions for two. This meant that whenever he cooked, I would have to eat some leftovers or heat up some frozen food because Nina would always eat all of it. I've tried to talk to my dad about it, but he says I'm young and still trying to adjust to this life. I told him it's been five years already, I should be used to it by now, but things only. Get worse because Nina hates me. He tried to tell me that Nina was also struggling toa adjust to having a daughter so I should cut her some slack. Since then, I stopped confiding in my dad because he never took my problem seriously. I also had no other support to fall back on because we moved away from my grandparents when my dad married Nina. His family also didn't get along with Nina because I used to tell them how she treated me when we still lived close to them. This caused a lot of problems and we had to move away, which I'm still sad about to this day."
" I am 19 weeks pregnant. So we're basically halfway down with this pregnancy since we will not be going past 39 weeks with this baby. So I feel like we are in the home stretch. We have an update on the Unisom situation and Don't quote me on this, but I did a lot of research online and So many moms said that they needed to wean themselves off of Unisom. Technically, it says that you can cut quit cold turkey But so many moms had these adverse reactions where they were like Violet sick when they would just quit cold turkey and so I have been taking like the smallest little Like bite out of these tiny little pills for the last week and I haven't been groggy and I haven't been sick And so I'm hoping in the next like week or so. I'll be completely done with Unisom and I've been feeling a thousand times better I think the other thing that's in helping a lot is that I've been working out I think like the endorphins are making me feel a lot better. This is a very very random side note This is like the best dress ever. I have it in two other colors But again, I asked about this stripe one all the time dress and lala just released this cut in smaller stripes today and it's so cute I definitely don't be getting it and it's like the cutest maternity pregnancy outfit It's lightweight. It's so cozy. I Live in these dresses. We have another anatomy scan next week I can feel a baby girl like swimming inside me all day long It's the best thing ever. I feel like as it used my anxiety So much. I don't use the Doppler really anymore and I can just like Feeler whenever I'm feeling anxious this week. I feel good the only Sundan that sucks is my sleep is starting to like really suck Which comes with the territory is totally fine. I just thought I was gonna have a couple more weeks And I don't think that that's the case. So that's all right. I'm really stressed The jet lag in Paris and not having a pregnancy pillow with me And my sleep situation and I won't be taking a exam at that point. So We'll see, but it'll be worth it to see Harry"
" There she go Great Let me see One go That's her coming down right there Can I go down this I'm taking it back Oh, no, she coming up here for me. Let me fix my head I'm coming for you I can tell she a good woman looking at faux hair Yep, she got them braids like Craig girlfriend all Friday That tell me who she is What Craig is? I'm looking for Carlos I'm gonna get out the way This one Where's Emily? This is me Oh, look stop Look, look Ð¼Ð¾Ð¼ÐµÐ½Ñ‚ trying to quit smoking the wood but Yeah, you need to pay attention trying to quit from You need me Go sit down, give me this microphone Go sit down Yeah, you need to pay attention Yes, at all these women in here You don't give me the one with a nicotine pack Oh, hey, that's what you get Oh, fuck that, she can't even quit You think she gonna quit us? Hey, you think she gonna quit us? You think she gonna quit us? I think it gonna fuck with me Carlos, you get Carlos, bro I don't wanna know bitch who smoke nose I don't wanna know Hold up, hold up I can't fuck with no chick, no chick, no Yeah, no, no You can't hook me up with no last smoke Yeah, I'm gonna say my partners. I think it's dirty as a mother fuck. I'm gonna say it's a truck. I'm gonna take it. Yeah, I'm the bad guy. I'm trying. I'm gonna fucking try. I'm gonna make it straight man. You know that pussy girl. She got on team Jordan. You know it. And if it's wet team, go and fuck. Look at him. Turn off beat. She got on the trouble too. Turn off beat. Turn off beat. Turn off beat. Look at this. Look at her. I just broke her. She already twirking on my home. I told you not to fuck with that girl. That's smoking long ad but she is swimming and cigarette. No, I just broke the whole fucking show for these niggas. You gonna walk on? Yeah. Hey baby, time out. Time out baby. Baby, you're niggas ain't that one. She's getting the smoke in them cigarettes. She can talk to me any China father fuck away. Loan. Try to walk with this bitch. Loan. Loan. You know how I'm gonna get back. I'm gonna crush that bitch cigarettes. I have to be a fucking man. And these motherfuckers are like they bitch fuckers. She a bitch fuck dead niggas on what I'm supposed to cigarette. Oh cigarette smoking ad girl. Oh cigarette smoking ad girl. She gonna be on the commercial like I've been smoking since last year. On the commercial like I've been smoking since last year. Make sure when you take a shower to cover your own and then you'll grow. I'm trying to warn you. He's trying to tell you. He's trying to tell you. I'm trying to warn you. He's trying to tell you. He's trying to tell you. I'm trying to warn you. Fuck yo. I'm sitting over here playing with a big city right now. She got cities on her back right now. I love you. Hey, look at that. I love you. It's all for the first two. I love you. Hey, what y'all? Don't know is that a dick or two. Just burrow. She just laughs. She got that burr control in her arm. Stupid. Hey, you. Yeah, you. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Bum bum. Bum bum. Bum bum. Bum bum. Bum bum. Bum bum. Bum bum. Bum bum. Bum bum. Bum bum. You're getting mad I don't like that we need someÐ¾Ð³ powers. No, you spoke those mind back. You spoke my phone for terture you told me. So woke up. You used to get injured every tag wrap I woke up about through. I was being told about thrown. I just got to take a rest cause I woke up 5 years old when I woke up five years old. Now all my brother put that shirt down. People say like, hey. I'm trying to convince them that they'll come back in 5 months. I didn't wish I would have spoken weed. It came from hell, I was on that shit man. I was on that shit man. But every time I walk a pill, I smoke the cigarette and I just want to tell ya'll, please. Please let me get in this damn hole. You die, I'm a stupid. You die, I'm stupid. Wait a moment, say, wait a minute. Wait a moment, say. Let me be your example. I'm a stupid, average, judge. Every time I go to the back door and say, but I can't hear you. I'm like, bitch, I am talking. Let me be your example. I can't don't know if this date daddy called it a butt time. This is your mother boy. This is your mother boy. cigarettes cigarettes cigarettes cigarettes cigarettes cigarettes. cigarettes cigarettes.grunts line, yeah..."
" Okay, I know our generation really don't like kids. Really don't want kids. But I feel like the main reason a lot of us don't want kids is the responsibility of the money. But also because you have to stop doing drugs. No one wants to stop doing that. No one wants to stop hitting Nick either. No bitch that is going to get pregnant is going to be excited. But here's one thing that our generation doesn't know and that I learned when I was young just by coincidence. If you smoke cigarettes or if you smoke weed, and you had been doing it for a long time and then got pregnant, they say it's easier for you to just keep smoking through the pregnancy rather than being pregnant and going through withdrawal because your baby will go through that too. So if you smoke cigarettes or you smoke a lot of weed, they're just going to tell you to microdose it. Not completely stop. Just in case you didn't know. My aunt got pregnant and she was a big smoker. And she thought they were going to make her stop and they were like, no you can't. Like it'll just be easier if you keep doing it just microdose."
" Chloe. Okay, Chloe. So I just want to say this, right? You've been in the same position, right? You fucked around, you was getting high and stuff like that, right? And you was able to stop once you've got pregnant. By the grace of God, right? By the grace of God. Okay? You could be humble and try to understand why women continue to use during pregnancy because you've been there just because you was you stopped me. Find out it doesn't matter. Doesn't define the person. There's a lot of reasons why women do not just stop. They code turkey. They will lose their child just like me. I code turkey in my water, bro. I had blood and everything in question out of me. Okay? I finally get to the hospital and bump in the ambulance more and would just crush out of me. I'm praying begging, God, please don't take my baby away from me. Now my other children, my addiction got so bad that I signed up my rights over. Two of them I signed my rights over. One of them I was so broken in my addiction. I did not fight for him. And I'm sure you're going to have a lot to say about that, right? My first three pregnancies. I was able to quit. My third pregnancy though. I was on sub-utax, but I was abusing it. I was selling and snorting it, right? But I thought it was better than anything else. And gratefully my son was born with no withdrawals. But we get to my fourth pregnancy. My miracle baby that almost lost right because code turkey quitting. Okay? Greatfully. God let me keep her. Greatfully matter of fact. My water broke and all that was gushing out of me through the ambulance to the hospital. Being not able to stay coherent or awake because I lost so much fluid and blood. When I was able to open my eyes for a few seconds, they gave me an ultrasound. And I see my baby's heart. She was there. She was okay. So, and I went right back out of it. You know what I mean? There's a lot of, did you just hear what I said? Because I code turkey quit. I almost lost my child. She's a strong one though. Like the doctor said, she still have her own sack. She's a mechanic. That's exactly what they said. So, I don't think you should judge. You know what the lady in the video or my friend Christina, there is lying. There is reason to everything. Just like she checked into a six month rehab, I checked into a rehab to where you could stay for a year. And I would stay for a little over four months. Okay? And I was able to get, get into recovery. A lot of women don't have that and they're judged. They're treated so horribly. They could go to the hospital and ask for help go anywhere. And people judge them and turn their cheek on them. And that's exactly what you did. You're not better than anybody."
" So I have an announcement to make as most of you might well actually most of you probably don't know anymore But when I first started Tiktok I would sit on my back porch and sit at the cigarette so I made my TikToks right So like every time I had this next cigarette I'd go make a TikTok, go back in and you know whatever And I've been spending cigarettes since I was 9, I'm 23 I've been spending cigarettes since I was 9, 10 years old and never once thought that stopped it When I got pregnant at 19, I quit during the time that I was pregnant Well actually that's all another story, I'm sorry I got that in a second but today is the last day I am smoking cigarettes Yesterday I went and got me a super good baked that way I can get all of those cigarettes And my plan is to stop smoking entirely before like June, so like by June, July I should not even have a baked anymore Today is my last day smoking cigarettes I literally have one cigarette left I've had a pack of cigarettes for like three days and I've got one left out of that pack So today is my last day smoking cigarettes, if you're having like advice or suggestions on what makes it easier Please tell me because I still have one cigarette and I'm already like panicking over stopping Because this has been one constant in my life, like their own life changes that I've ever had The cigarettes have always been that one thing I've had you know Like I went to foster care and I had cigarettes, I get out of foster care and I had cigarettes I got kicked out of my dad's house and I was in high school, I had cigarettes When I was right, I had cigarettes When I got my ass beat by my first abuse of boyfriend, I had cigarettes Seagrass have been my number one constant for every traumatic and good thing in my life So like after I had my son, the first time I gave this cigarette Like I mean, cigarettes have been the one constant thing in my life and I really just want to do Better not only for me, but for my son in my house Because like yeah, we don't smoke in our house, but like The clothes smell like cigarettes because we smoke in the clothes We can't just get fucking naked and go outside and smoke like we gotta wear clothes So like I have a designated smoke and you gotta get the steel, it gets on the wrist And my clothes all come out of jeans and socks and stuff So yeah, so now it's my last day of smoking cigarettes and if you don't have any suggestions or advice What can make it easier or more durable Or if you've quit smoking seriously for it and have never started back, what did you do? Because I would literally live in your vice on stopping cigarettes And nicotine, I'm not just about all together No, this is just helping get everything cigarette on my edge But I might end up quitting all my nicotine in the next six months to year So I just, you're having a vice because I'm stopping and I need help Because I don't like to my husband is just stop doing it But like I have an addicted gene, I mean like everything I do is addictive Like even just covering can become addictive, so like I just If you've stopped smoking cigarettes after smoking for fucking years, how did you do it? What did you do to make it easier on you? And it isn't worth it, like after so long you really question it's worth it Like I would really like to be able to wake up in the morning and knock off my ass off Or have to plan my day around a fucking cigarette Like I literally hate having to plan my days and my plans around the Casino here Do I have to go outside? What do I have to stop doing what I'm doing to smirk this cigarette? Like I just, it's taking over every part of my life and I really just want to stop So I got one cigarette left, I just need a vice on stopping them all the other Like cold fucking turkey So yeah, if y'all I stopped smoking cigarettes or having your vice on stopping And staying stopped, please comment down below If you stop me having tips and tricks and I'll help you please Drop them, I would greatly appreciate it"
" I wanted to talk about my third experience quitting nicotine cold turkey. Third time, yeah. So I'm gonna make sure that my third time quitting vaping and quitting nicotine in general is gonna be the last time that I do this because it's not fun and it's terrible. I quit nicotine two other times from now and it was all for like long periods of time like maybe like a year. The reasons that made me start nicotine or like using vapes again were instances where something terrible happened and I was so upset that I was like screw it, I don't even care. Whoever has a vape in the close vicinity to me give it to me or I'm gonna bitch fit. So yeah like bad things happening that really upset me. Two would be when I'm drinking, when I'm drunk, all defenses are down. I feel like I can't have like that good drunk and keep in mind I'm not an alcoholic. I don't really drink that much but it's like these special occasions where I want to have a fun night and I want to feel good with all my friends. Oh my god and like if there's anyone vaping around me, I want it so bad I could cry and it's like I don't have that like feel good experience until I've hit the vape and then I'm like oh what a good night you know. Yeah so bad things happening. Drinking like social, oh my god social occasions I guess going out and drinking would be one of them but like social occasions in general. It could be a birthday party, it could be a wedding, it could be a lunch with family and all I want and all I can think about the entire time is the next time I can go to the bathroom and I can hit my vape. I don't know why. But those are all things that have made me start again and I have probably been vaping since like on and off since I was 17 and I started because I had like such a short temper and anytime I would hit a vape it was like it completely just calmed my entire body and made me very apathetic towards the situation. It didn't make me feel better but I just felt like I didn't care anymore. So on to why I quit called Turkey rather than like taking slow steps to wean myself off of the amount of nicotine because I was vaping a lot. I mean the first thing I would do in the morning was vape. The first thing or the last thing I would do in the day was vape. So and then after every meal after every snack it was like it felt gross to me. I mean vaping got to the point like I felt so bad about it that I was doing it so much that I would gag after hitting the vape just because I knew I felt gross. I knew I did. But in the past I've tried to like wean myself off and lower the amount that I was smoking in a day by just not having my own vape because I would always have friends around me or my fiance around me who had a vape and I knew that I could ask them if I could hit theirs and I thought the fact of like me constantly having to ask to use their vape and feeling bad about that would make me vape less but really just drove me crazy and it was a very miserable experience and I just felt like a moocher and really uncomfortable the entire time. And this time I waited until I knew I had like four days off in a row to just like you know what I'm done. Taylor my fiance I'm sorry but I'm gonna be pretty terrible in the next few days and luckily he's amazing so he's so supportive every time I've done this god and this will be the last time so thanks baby. But what helps me with cravings I'm sorry this has taken so long. What helps me is outtoids and then drinking ice cold water. It almost hurts but god it's like this like cooling feeling from my mouth to my throat all through my chest like it just gives me that same cooling feeling to calm myself down. Ice water in general I know that's like not too good for you I've learned that ice water isn't awesome for your body but I'm gonna ignore that. I also I'm a server I work in the food industry which is terrible and everyone has vapes there too and I have worked at so many restaurants that are just so used to like vaping and people going on smoke breaks that it was still available to me and those like six hour sometimes nine hour shifts so like I still allow myself to go on a little break but obviously don't have nicotine with me so like if I'm having a terrible night or a little terrible moment those happen a lot in the food industry so I'll still walk out to where I used to go to hit my vape and I'll just take deep breaths until quite literally I'm dizzy. I promise you it like it helps it helps it really does. So like still allow yourself that time to go take a mental break just without smoking. Also 80% of the time because I'm three weeks in now 80% of the time I am so happy that I have quit and that's 20% of the time it is when I have social anxiety it is when I had a bad day and that's it that's the only time that I'm like God like I really miss that I really miss that other than that I feel so good and it really is true the amount of people that I've seen in other TikToks that say that their breathing is better honestly I have a lot of anxiety already so my breathing's always been very like heavy at moments but it's like this entire part of my chest feels lighter than it did before it feels clear and that helps with the anxiety already had about vaping I had anxiety so I veiled and then I was vaping and I gave my anxiety it's so good for me. Also I'm so mad I didn't do like a day one quitting the vape and I didn't do that because one every time I quit I've been a terrible person for three days three whole days so mean so short tempered and I was also scared of doing a day one like quitting the vape for the third time because I was so prepared to quit trying like I was so prepared like you know what something's gonna happen and I'm gonna go buy a vape and then I'm gonna be embarrassed that I posted that in the first place and I have to delete it so now three weeks in and baby it's sticking it is sticking and I don't read it at all and I really want everyone else to quit because like as a kid we were taught don't smoke cigarettes don't smoke cigarettes this is what your lungs are gonna look like this is disgusting you won't be able to taste right your breath will smell bad and yeah I was like oh absolutely not I'm never touching cigarette and then vapes came out I was like well it's just flavored air what's wrong with that and here we are I did it on and off for six years and what makes it worse is like we know what cigarettes and tobacco and nicotine does for our bodies we have no idea what these hot chemicals coming out of vapes due to our lungs and what it will what life will be like when we're older and I'm trying to get old I don't want to die young and I especially don't want to live a life where breathing takes like labored effort that freaks me out and is one of the things that freaked me out the most and made me feel so gross about myself because I was vaping I also saw I think it was a Facebook post or something of someone saying like to people who vape I don't want to smell your baby back rib centen or flavored vapes and then why literally made me feel so grossed out and embarrassed because like honestly when there's like a slightly burnt vape that you were hitting that's it babe and I never I never put it together but that's actually disgusting and I used to hit burnt vapes because I didn't want to buy a new one and it now it's like no awful but I'm sorry this is nine minutes but whoever's trying to quit it is worth it keep going and whoever judges you for wanting to quit and the way you act when you're trying to get through something that's so so hard then they don't need to be around you babe they don't."
" I am coming on here for accountability because I want to be judged if I don't do this. Starting tomorrow I am quitting vaping and I have been a hardcore vapor for a while and before I've baked I smoke cigarettes so I have had nicotine in my system for a long time. The only time that I have ever stopped is when I was pregnant with both of my kids so I know I'm capable of doing it. It's just like getting there. I've tried multiple times and I've failed every single time. But I have to quit this time. I have to do it because I get winded when I'm walking up the stairs. I'm 25 years old and I get winded when I'm walking up the stairs. I work out every night and I have done really good. I have lost 10 pounds in like the last month. I've done super, super good at getting my health under control, eating wise, working out, trying to be healthy. This is the final step for me. Getting there is stopping this. It's to the point to where it's holding me back so much. I feel like I could work out so much better and it would be more efficient with it. If this thing, this thing right here has me in such a chokehold. It's absolutely ridiculous. My boyfriend smoked cigarettes. He quit a couple of months ago and he vapes now purely just vapes. He has one of the big mods. I have this little bit of small one and I swear to you I hit it so much more than he could even think about hitting his vape. He has done this for a long time. I know I'm going to have withdrawals and that's what freaks me out because I know that the second I start to get that headache, like I'm going to want to hit it because I know that that's what's going to stop my headache. But I can't, like I have to do it this time. So I'm going to hit this tonight and I know that this is probably a bad way of doing it, whatever. If you have something to say to me about how I could do it more efficiently, that's fine. You can say that to me but I'm probably not going to take your advice because I'm going to do it the way that I need to do it in order to quit the right way for me because I have to gradually do this. Like I'm probably going to hit it tonight and in the morning I'm going to see how long I can go without hitting it. Tomorrow is not going to be that difficult for me. Tomorrow is Friday so I'll be at work and I, the only time that I hit this throughout the day on a weekday when I'm at the office is when I'm on my lunch break. That is the only time that I, you know, can hit this. So weekdays are not going to be difficult for me probably. What's going to be difficult is the weekend because I'm sitting here all day long and I'm going to have to keep myself busy with, you know, other things to keep my mind off of it because I'm going to want to sit here and hit my vape and it's horrible. It's so horrible how much of a chokehold this thing has on me. I take that back because probably honestly I hit it the whole way to work. So like the whole time in the car I'm hitting the vape like constantly while listening to music. I'm just like vibing and like hitting the vape but that's probably going to be difficult for me. I'm probably going to have to like go to the store and get a big bag of like dumb dumbs and just, you know, eat those throughout the day to get to get by. I'm going to want to hit it in the morning. I'm going to and I'm going to do my best to not and I will update you all on how this goes for me tomorrow because, you know, I don't have a feeling, I have a feeling it's not going to go very well at all. But I'm doing it on a Friday and I'm doing it on a Friday because I only have to work on Friday so I have to make it through the day on Friday which will be fine because I feel like the first day won't be. It's near as bad as like the second and third. So hopefully by like Monday, you know, I'll probably still have withdrawal symptoms on Monday. That's how probably will when I go back to work. But I'm hoping that I can get like the worst of it out over the weekend. Probably not going to go that way. But I'm hoping that that's the way that I go. But yeah, I'm going to like fill myself tomorrow, you know, whenever I feel like I want to hit it so that I don't and so, you know, maybe I can help somebody else out that's going through this because I'm never in a million years thought when I first hit my first babe. When I first, you know, didn't leave that, that it would lead to this, that it would lead to me being. I knew it was an addictive substance, but like I don't have a super addictive personality so like I don't, I never thought that it would be like this. Like it would be this hard to quit. But I really, I don't want to quit. I don't want to, but I have to. And yeah, I mean, I, it's probably not going to go well, but we're going to try. And I had like, I had severe asthma when I was a baby, but like over the last couple of years, it's like, if I don't have my inhaler on me, it's so stupid. I will hit my vape and not be able to breathe. So then I hit my inhaler twice. And then I'll hit my vape again, like like like the vape is not the issue. That's, that's what I've been thinking. Like the vape is not the issue. I just have asthma. Like no, my asthma was not that bad until I started heavily vaping. And I know that all that shit's in my lungs. And I'm so tired of feeling like shit all the time and not being able to do simple tasks because I don't want to be winded. I'm 25 years old. 25 years old. This is the worst thing that could have hit the market. The worst thing is it tastes good. You get that oral fixation of blowing smoke. And you know, you get the nicotine high. Like when you first hit it in the morning, you get that nicotine high. And then you feel like you're going to get it all day long. And I don't, at this point, I don't get it throughout the day. I just get it in the morning when I hit it after I'm in a sleep. But this is this is the worst thing because it tastes good. Sigurettes like it's so much harder. It's so much harder to smoke a cigarette because you have to go outside because you know, if you don't smoke in your house which I never did, like you'd have to go outside and sometimes like it's cold and you don't want to go outside or like you know, you don't have, you know, a brawl and you don't want to go outside. So like, you know, that prevents you from smoking a cigarette typically. This takes no work. That's why this sucks to quit so much more than anything else because this takes absolutely no work to hit. Like you can just sit on your couch and just just hit it. Like it's that simple. Whoever invented these, fuck you. I just like desperately want to be healthy and feel good every day. Like I want to like be awake and like, you know, not feel tired all of the time and not feel like this thing is the only reason why I want to get in my car. Like I don't want to feel like that anymore. I don't want to look forward to this little piece of metal and plastic in my mouth. Like I don't want to, I don't want to be in that chokehold anymore. I'm done. So yeah. So tomorrow starting at 5am when I get up in the morning, I'm going to take you all along with me whenever I want to hit this thing and hopefully I can make it through. If I don't, I don't. It's whatever, you know, I'll try again. Hopefully one day I can quit. But this better be the time that I do because I'm going to be really mad at myself. And I hope that you all are mad at me too. Like anybody that follows me, anybody that sees this video, please follow me and give me so much shit if I hit this thing again. Like make sure that I'm updating that I'm not hitting this thing because I'm so tired of hitting this thing. So I'll check back in at 5 in the morning. Let you all know how I'm doing and, you know, every so often I'll check in and let you know if I've hit it or not. And if I don't, you better say something. This is on you too. No, I'm just kidding. It's on me. But please help me."
" My toxic cousin copies my entire life. I plan to use this to ruin her. My cousin's actions of copying me continued. Her parents spent over 15K and her rushed wedding and she decided to just go to the courthouse instead. She changed her plans last minute after I said I was going to the courthouse myself. Her parents were furious. Not only was it a waste of their money, they can't get back, but they also can't come down for the courthouse wedding they're doing. I also asked that they knew about the go fund me that she set up asking for donations in case anyone wants to help them celebrate and they said no. Her dad was having none of it and called her to take it down. I'm not sure if it was taken down or not since I ever blocked on all social media now. About me lying about being pregnant, her parents and my parents, and most of my friends, were all in the loop about me lying. Her fiance kept spam calling and texting me about what kind of things I was buying for my baby and I told him a whole bunch of things. I made an Amazon wishlist and sent it to him. He did mention that it was kind of expensive but I kept saying how much I needed these items because they were so cute and that I knew my cousin would love them. Vailp. He ended up buying a lot of stuff. My cousin called me asking to go shopping with me for the babies and that's when I told her that mine was a false positive and how let Dama was but that I was happy for her. Her fiance called me extremely ticked off because there were things he bought that he couldn't return and I should have told him sooner. I asked how that would matter since she is actually pregnant and he hung up. I talked to her mom and she told me that my cousin admitted to faking being pregnant and now her partner is upset with her for lying."
" My toxic cousin copies my entire life. I plan to use this to ruin her. My cousin's actions of copying me continued. Her parents spent over 15K and her rushed wedding and she decided to just go to the courthouse instead. She changed her plans last minute after I said I was going to the courthouse myself. Her parents were furious. Not only was it a waste of their money, they can't get back, but they also can't come down for the courthouse wedding they're doing. I also asked that they knew about the go fund me that she set up asking for donations in case anyone wants to help them celebrate and they said no. Her dad was having none of it and called her to take it down. I'm not sure if it was taken down or not since I ever blocked on all social media now. About me lying about being pregnant, her parents and my parents, and most of my friends, were all in the loop about me lying. Her fiance kept spam calling and texting me about what kind of things I was buying for my baby and I told him a whole bunch of things. I made an Amazon wishlist and sent it to him. He did mention that it was kind of expensive but I kept saying how much I needed these items because they were so cute and that I knew my cousin would love them. Vailp. He ended up buying a lot of stuff. My cousin called me asking to go shopping with me for the babies and that's when I told her that mine was a false positive and how let Dama was but that I was happy for her. Her fiance called me extremely ticked off because there were things he bought that he couldn't return and I should have told him sooner. I asked how that would matter since she is actually pregnant and he hung up. I talked to her mom and she told me that my cousin admitted to faking being pregnant and now her partner is upset with her for lying."
" does the body come back full circle to health after quitting smoking. Smoking not only makes it harder for women to get pregnant, it can also cause men to lose their virility. Every time you take a drag on a cigarette, more than 5,000 chemicals are inhaled into the body. These harmful substances not only damage tooth enamel, they also damage nerve endings in the senses of smell and taste, and they damage the sillier that clean the respiratory tract, and increase the risk of lung infections. What's worse, chemicals can cause genetic mutations that make the body less resistant to cancer, and that's not all. The chemicals in cigarettes, like nicotine, in cigarettes, thicken the walls of blood vessels, platelets become sticky, which can lead to various cardiovascular diseases, although long-term smoking can seriously affect your health. But if you start quitting now, your blood pressure and heart rate will return to normal in a day, your risk of heart attack will start to drop. In two days, the nerve endings in your sense of smell and taste will start to repair themselves. If you've got a month without cracking, the health of your lungs will improve dramatically. Symptoms like coughing and shortness of breath will be relieved, but don't get too excited. The damaged hair like sillier will take at least 9 months to repair. Once the sillier return to normal, they'll be able to clean up foreign objects like dust and bacteria. If you keep it it for a year, then cardiovascular disease will gradually improve. The risk of a heart attack is cut in half. After 5 years, the chances of blood clots plummeting, the risk of stroke will continue to decrease. After 10 years, the body's ability to repair DNA is fully restored. The risk of lung cancer drops by 50 percent. After 15 years, the risk of coronary heart disease can be reduced to the same level as non-smokers. This shows that after quitting smoking, the body can regain its health, but it takes a long time, and the nicotine induced withdrawal is very painful. If you can't stand the temptation, you'll lose your life. You have to have enough self control to keep going."
" Can the body fully recover and regain health after quitting smoking? Smoking not only makes it harder for women to get pregnant, it may also cause men to lose their masculinity. Every puff of smoke, more than 5,000 chemicals will be inhaled into the body. These harmful substances not only damage the enamel, they also damage the nerve endings of smell and taste, and they destroy the cilia in the respiratory tract that do the cleaning work, increasing the risk of lung infection. What's more terrifying is that chemicals can also cause gene mutations, reducing the body's resistance to cancer. Not only that, chemicals such as nicotine and cigarettes will thicken the blood vessel walls and make the platelet sticky, thus causing various cardiovascular diseases. Although long-term smoking will seriously affect health, but if you start quitting smoking now, then a day later, your blood pressure and heartbeat can return to normal values. At this time, the risk of heart attack will begin to decrease. Two days later, the nerve endings of smell and taste will begin to self-repair. If you have not smoked for a month, then the health of the lungs will significantly improve. Symptoms such as coughing and shortness of breath will be alleviated, but don't be too happy too early. The damage cilia, it takes at least 9 months to complete the repair. Once the cilia return to normal, it can enhance the ability to clean foreign objects such as dust and bacteria. If you have persisted for a year without giving up, then cardiovascular diseases will gradually improve. At this time, the risk of heart attack will be half. Five years later, the chance of thrombosis will drop rapidly. The risk of stroke will also continue to decrease. Ten years later, the body will fully recover the ability to repair DNA. The risk of lung cancer will decrease by 50%. Fifteen years later, the chance of coronary heart disease can be reduced to the same as non-smokers. It can be seen that the body can recover health after queen smoking, but it needs to go through a quite long process. And the withdrawal symptoms caused by nicotine are often painful. Once you can't resist the temptation, it is bound to fail. Must maintain enough self-control to persist."
" Whether the body can be full of blood to restore health after quitting smoking, smoking doesn't just make it harder for women to get pregnant. It can also lead to a loss of masculinity. Every puff of cigarette, more than 5,000 chemicals are sucked into the body. These harmful substances don't just damage tooth and amul. It can also damage the nerve endings of smell and taste, and they destroy the sillia that do the cleaning work in the airways. Increases the risk of lung infections. What's more frightening is that chemicals can also cause genetic mutations, makes the body less resistant to cancer. It's not just the nicotine and other chemicals in cigarettes. It also thickens the blood vessel walls and thickens the platelets, which can lead to all kinds of cardiovascular disease, although smoking for a long time can seriously affect your health. But suppose you quit smoking now, and a day later, your blood pressure and heart rate should return to normal. At this point the risk of heart attack will begin to decline. After two days, the smell and taste nerve endings begin to repair themselves. If you go a month without smoking, then the health of the lungs will be significantly improved. Such as coughing and shortness of breath will be relieved. But don't get too excited, destroyed hair like sillia. It will take at least nine months to complete the repair. Once the sillia return to normal, it can strengthen the ability to clean up foreign objects such as dust and bacteria. If you stick with it for a year and don't give up, then cardiovascular disease will gradually improve. The risk of a heart attack is cut in half. After five years, the chance of blood clots forming drops dramatically. The risk of stroke also continues to decrease. After ten years, the body will fully recover its ability to repair DNA. The risk of lung cancer is reduced by 50%. After fifteen years, the risk of coronary heart disease can be reduced to the same as that of non-smokers. This shows that the body can recover after quitting smoking. But it takes quite a long time, and nicotine induced withdrawal is very painful. Once you can't stand the temptation, it's bound to fall short. You have to have enough self control to keep going."
" Does the body come back full circle to health after quitting smoking? Smoking not only makes it harder for women to get pregnant. It can also cause men to lose their virility. With every puff of a cigarette, there are more than 5,000 chemical compounds. Into your body, these harmful substances not only damage tooth and animal. They also damage the nerve endings of smell and taste, and they can damage the cilia of the respiratory tract and increase the risk of lung infections. And what's worse, chemicals can cause genetic mutations. That makes the body less resistant to cancer. Not only that, the chemicals in cigarettes. Like nicotine, can thicken the walls of blood vessels. And the blood vessels in the body, let's become sticky, which can lead to various cardiovascular diseases. Although long-term smoking can seriously affect your health. But if you start quitting now, after one day, your blood pressure and heart rate will return to normal. And your risk of heart attack will start to drop. In two days, the nerve endings in your sense of smell and taste will begin to repair themselves. If you've gone a month without cracking, the health of your lungs will improve dramatically. Symptoms like coughing and shortness of breath will be relieved. But don't get too excited. The damaged hair like cilia will take at least 9 months to repair. Once the cilia return to normal, they'll be able to clean up foreign objects like dust and bacteria. If you keep at it for a year, then cardiovascular disease will gradually improve. The risk of a heart attack is cut in half at this point. After five years, the chances of blood clots plummeting, the risk of stroke will continue to decrease after 10 years. The body's ability to repair DNA is fully restored. The risk of lung cancer drops by 50% in 15 years. The risk of coronary heart disease will be the same as for non-smokers. This shows that the body can regain its health after quitting smoking. But it takes a long time and nicotine induced withdrawal is very painful. Once you can't stand the temptation, you'll lose all your game. You have to have enough self-control to keep going."
" and the body recover after quitting smoking, what about restoring health? Smoking not only makes it harder for women to get pregnant, it may also lead to the loss of male dominance, every puff of cigarette. There will be more than 5,000 chemicals sucked into the body. These harmful substances not only damage tooth and amel. It also damages the nerve endings for smell and taste and they destroy the respiratory tract. Silya for cleaning, increased risk of lung infections and here's what's even scarier. Chemicals can also cause genetic mutations, lowers the body's resistance to cancer. And not only that, chemicals such as nicotine and cigarettes, it also thickens the walls of blood vessels. Platelets become sticky. This can lead to various cardiovascular diseases, although long-term smoking can seriously affect your health. But if you quit smoking from now on, then a day later, your blood pressure and heart rate will return to normal. At this point, the risk of a heart attack will begin to decrease. Nerve endings for smell and taste two days later will begin to repair itself. If you persist for a month without cracking, then the health of the lungs will be significantly improved. Symptoms such as cough and shortness of breath will be relieved, but don't be too happy. Destroyed hair like Silya, it will take at least nine months to complete the repair. Once the Silya return to normal, can strengthen, ability to clean up foreign matter such as dust and bacteria. If you persevere for a year without giving up, then cardiovascular disease will gradually improve. At this point, the risk of a heart attack is reduced by half. And after five years, the risk of thrombosis drops dramatically. The risk of stroke also continues to decrease. In 10 years, the body will have fully restored its ability to repair DNA. The risk of lung cancer decreases by 50%. After 15 years, the risk of coronary heart disease can be reduced to and a non-smoker. This shows that your body can recover after quitting smoking, but it takes a long time and nicotine induced withdrawal is very painful. Once you can't stand the temptation, it is bound to fall short. You have to maintain enough self control to persevere."
" Are you noticing that your gums are bleeding while brushing and flossing? Well, there's a couple of reasons that this can be happening. The first reason is due to gingivitis. Gingivitis is the accumulation of plaque, and that is going to cause your gums to become irritated. The next reason is due to poor oral hygiene. If you're not keeping up with your brushing and your flossing, well, you're asking that plaque to accumulate leading to the gingivitis. The other reason that this can be occurring is due to medications and medical conditions. Some prescription medications may just make you more prone to bleeding while brushing and flossing. Some medical conditions, like leukemia and blood disorders, may also cause you to bleed more easily within your mouth. And if these aren't the cases, it might be due to hormonal changes. So if you're pregnant or if you're going through puberty, you might also notice a change in your mouth, which may include bleeding while brushing and flossing. So what can you do if you are bleeding? Well, there's certain things, and it all depends on the reason that you're bleeding. The first thing you can do is really improve on your oral hygiene, making sure your brushing twice a day and flossing is really important. But if you don't enjoy flossing, maybe consider using a lot of pig. I use one myself. There's other ways you can improve your oral hygiene, and that can be due to diet. Avoid the sugary foods and avoid the specific foods, and you'll be off to a great start just then. And if you are a smoker or a vapor, I highly suggest that you quit doing that because that's not only impacting your overall health, it's also impacting your mouth. So if you choose to do these things, you're off to a great start to stop that bleeding from happening. But always remember, if it's getting worse or if you're having any pain in your mouth, you'll need to see your dentist or even a periodontist, the specializes in gum surgeries right away. It's important that you control this genchiditis before it can get worse and turn into periodontal disease, which is a much more severe and chronic condition that is related to genchiditis. So remember, brushing and flossing isn't just for cavities, it's also for your gums and your overall health."
" So for those of you all who know me know that I suffer from like extremely bad anxiety like K can't sleep can't do shit like literally nothing my brain is constantly like birds, squirrel playing car Kids school didn't know work whatever so I have been smoking so I stopped smoking cigarettes in 2014 and started bathing then It took me a long time to get pregnant long story short. I quit smoking for two pregnancies right for nine months like just Cold turkey quit was just fine. I Lovely take-top decided to post literally like 12 videos back to back to back People that had like lung problems dying their fucking teeth are rotten out and shit like that from bathing so Fuck so with all that being said When so sometimes I'm super stressed like I'll get super bad heart Poppitations like my heart's literally going like 500 beats per minute and I feel like I'm just gonna like So since I've stopped smoking today, I have not had any heart Poppitations this is the first day, but I'm not really stressed out today's an appraisal day at work All that And yes, even though I knew that vaping could potentially cause all this stuff me with my mental health I feel like vaping was helping me because it was a constant like Something in my room something always in my pocket When in all reality like it was really messed me up. It wasn't helping me any I'm asthma too, so let's just add that and that's not making it fun I got COVID at one point and literally thought I was gonna die and every time I hit my faith the whole world was like I also have a four to five-year-old and my kids are like mom don't forget your SIGGI. I fucking hate that shit Every time they say that to me. I'm like So needless to say I'm on day three. I really feel pretty good. I can breathe Although I do feel like my anxiety is a little bit worth it again. That's probably just my head because I had literally never stopped thinking ever I constantly think the worst on a daily basis and refuse to take medicine So there's that so for anybody that's in the same boat. I am quit smoking. It's really not that bad I can choose some goddamn gum. Okay"
" Welcome to day two of quitting smoking. It is only day two and already I have it above them the road. My son and I are going swimming today, so I can't wear the patch. So immediately I was like a crap. You know, didn't plan for that. Luckily I have nicker red. And the reason I have that is that's basically part of my step two of all of this. And what I'm going to be using when I start to wean. Here's not working for me. Anyway, so the nicker reds and allow me to go to the pool and just use those for the morning and hope that that kind of holds me down until I can apply the patch after I get home and shower. Because I really don't want something as little as going to the pool totally like ruining my day. But I have not smoked and I'm really, really proud of myself because I've not gone this long besides, you know, being pregnant and that was incredibly hard to do as well. So, you know, a whole day in without smoking a cigarette is pretty incredible for me. I am trying to take everything, you know, one day at a time which is kind of what they tell you to do with any addiction. But, you know, it's hard thinking about the steps to come and I'm again, just I'm really proud of myself with what I've done thus far. The cyclone pods have been incredibly helpful. So, whatever I have the urge to smoke a cigarette I just hit that and it gets that hand in mouth motion it gets that just it really, really helped. It helps a lot. Stay tuned for hopefully day three of my journey, quitting smoking."
" I'm so ffffck! Mad, let me tell you how my non-smoking journey deteriorated last year. Four years. And I mean, hundred years I would lay in bed every night and I'd be like, please, high of how I take the succession and compulsion away from me. Let me wake up tomorrow a non-smoker, like the days that I woke up in the obsession and compulsion to shoot up, Schmecken-Pete means which lifted from me, p- ee. I have said for years that I would rather quit slamming dope again. Because just put me in a box and a box and a box for a while and I'm fine. Because I don't walk down the street every day and see people fucking- Come on, I was slamming fucking dope! You know what I mean? You know what I do see every day? All day every day, people fucking smoking. People fucking smoke my- Wait, why? Why am I this color? Is there a filter on? Why am I this color? I got a new foam. Everything's. I digress. Last year, June 1st, I had ran out of cigarettes the night before. I was like, I'll just get some tomorrow and you know what I didn't do? I didn't get any more. I was like, you know what? Uh, uh, uh, Pfft, d- DONE. Pow! Just done. And it was a big deal. I- I was just- I didn't mean it was hard, but like, I did it. And then, um, August 3rd, my little baby cousin. She died of the COVID. Rest in peace, J. Now we miss you. And I didn't smoke for that. Didn't smoke for that. Until three days later, got the phone call in the middle of the night, then my other little baby cousin had passed away. It's not my business say-how. But she passed away. That was in the middle of the night. Saturday morning to Sunday morning. I went to my godmother's house in the middle of the night and I consoled her and then I went home and I got ready. And I went ahead and went to work. Okay, I had to- I had to go to work. And while I was at work, my brain pain pulled in the garden light, smoking a cigarette. And you know what? I- TODAYS THE DAY! So I went out, smoke cigarette, got high guy, a little looping. It felt really good. But I didn't start smoking all the time. I was smoking the weekends with Pam and I did pay her. I wasn't that guy that quits, quit buying and not quit, you know what I'm saying? I gave the money for what I smoked. And then it was fine. I was like a weekend warrior. I just smugged on the weekends because, um, my brain, I was like, this is gonna be totally okay. And then, on November 28th, shit fucking felt part real quick because I went to the doctor to have a fucking bar. And a few hundred stitches in my bar, huh? And my booty, huh? When I got out of the hospital, on the way home, I looked at Chad and I said, worst off, and get a gas station because I want a fucking cigarette. To which he responded to me, you have a couple hundred stitches in a place where no one wants a couple hundred stitches and you have an extra tunnel you can get whatever you want. And I said, I want a cigarette. And I've been fucking smoking ever since. And now, I'm going on a cruise in July and I don't want to be the motherfucker, chasing nicotine, all over the goddamn cruise, trying to figure out a place smoke. And then, in the beginning of August, I have fucking, I have to have another fucking surgery for my fucking secret tunnel. And you know what? I'm supposed to quit smoking six weeks before that. Now I'm fucking paying the game because it's not as easy to quit this time. Why did I start again? I have quit at different points in my life. A cocaine, pills, heroin, schmuffin' phetamine, and alcohol. But cigarettes have me by the fucking short and curly. Okay. And I am so pissed. I know I've got to quit again. I'm going to quit again. I'm, uh, I hate smoking, but I love smoking. That doesn't make any fucking sex. Will y'all pick a higher power and pray to it for me please? Thank you. I love you."
" When I tell people that I quit drinking, I quit smoking, and I quit vaping. All at the same time, they're always like, what the fuck? Like how did you do that? I also stop eating like a piece of shit when I quit all that. If I'm gonna quit drinking, why am I still gonna keep smoking? And if I'm gonna be smoking, I'm gonna wanna fucking drink. It doesn't make sense. And the reason why I couldn't quit smoking forever is because I was still drinking. And when I drink, the off switch goes. And I'm just, the chains are fucking off baby. I'm smoking a damn cigarette. I'm buying a Julie pod. Like there's no... You gotta go, big or go home. I think it's so easy to make excuses for yourself. For things like that, and it's like for what? Like it's 2023. We all love a good fucking cigarette. Like and if you don't then... But if you do, you know where I'm coming from. It's fucking hard to stop. But once you stop, you're golden. You create a new pattern. You create a new life. Like it's... I think we need to stop with the excuses. We know it's bad for us. Like can we start taking care of ourselves? We're getting too fucking old for this shit. Like I'm gonna be 33 in a couple months. Like I get out of bed in the morning and it sounds like a fucking glow stick. You know what those little bubbles in my back are gonna start filling up with? Cancer. If I keep fucking lighting up the new ports. I love a good cigarette. And I love a cold beer. But I just love my life more. I know it's easier said than done, but you all gotta stop pussyfooting around it and just get with the fucking program. Picture living a life that you actually want to be living and not held down by this fucking poison. I think once you shift your mind, you can literally do anything."
" My dad neglected me for his narcissistic wife who wants to get rid of me. Now that they have a son they want me to move out. My dad and my mom separated a long time ago because my mom messed around a lot with substances. Her pregnancy was very high risk because she found it really hard to quit smoking and drinking. My dad made her quick cold turkey, but he would always find her with a drink in hand. I didn't suffer a lot for it, but it definitely messed me up. When my mom gave birth, my dad went through with a divorce and got full custody of me. Since it was just us for a long time, I got very used to his presence and being the only girl in his life. He was a very busy man but he always made time to watch movies with me, take me on vacation out of state, we even went to Disney World once. It was amazing with it just being the two of us. But then Nina came into the picture. Nina was my dad's wife whom he married five years ago. I'll admit I didn't like her. She stole my dad away all the time. She would constantly want to go on dates with him so I had to stay with a babysitter or by myself when I got older. It got really lonely and I missed spending time with my dad. It seemed like Nina had it out for me and wanted him to start a new life with him and without me. She never even tried to bond with me. My dad would push for us to do girly things together, but Nina would always say she's too tired or say she already had plans. I got the hint and stopped involving myself with her. Because of this distance between us, my dad started to forget I existed. He would make dinner for the two of us and he got into the habit of only making portions for two. This meant that whenever he cooked, I would have to eat some leftovers or heat up some frozen food because Nina would always eat all of it. I've tried to talk to my dad about it, but he says I'm young and still trying to adjust to this life. I told him it's been five years already, I should be used to it by now, but things only. Get worse because Nina hates me. He tried to tell me that Nina was also struggling to adjust to having a daughter so I should cut her some slack. Since then, I stopped confiding in my dad because he never took my problems seriously. I also had no other support to fall back on because we moved away from my grandparents when my dad married Nina. His family also didn't get along with Nina because I used to tell them how she treated me when we still lived close to them. This caused a lot of problems and we had to move away, which I'm still sad about to this day. I didn't know this for a while, but my dad and Nina were trying to have a child but couldn't. They kept this a secret from me so right off of that they weren't onto a good start. Then, they used a sperm donor because my dad found out he couldn't have any more kids."
" Hello everyone, it's a good day and I hope you're having it with one as well. Today I'll be talking about the effect of smoking during pregnancy. Smoking during pregnancy exposes you and your baby to a high risk of complications during pregnancy. If you smoke while you are pregnant, it increases the chance of you having serious complications, serious health problems during pregnancy. Once you are likely to give birth to a low-bath with baby and low-bath with baby, they are vulnerable to infections, greasier risk of death, difficulty in breathing and long-term health problems in the future in adulthood. Even if you try to cut down the no-bub's secrets you take in a day, it will not reduce the risk of you having complications. So in order for you to have a healthy baby, quit smoking. It will help you as a mother, as some of these complications that arise during pregnancy when you smoke. One is atopic pregnancy, that is pregnancy aside uterus, particularly in the fallopian tube and premature rupture of membrane, premature liver. In try-you-try and filter death known as IUD, spontaneous abortion known as miscarriage. Placenta abrasion is partial separation of the placenta from the uterine wall. I know what that means. It's really to reduce the supply of oxygen to the baby. And the baby is at risk at that time. Placenta previous, that is the placenta is lying on the lower uterine segments. If you are pregnant and you are smoking. If you are a pregnant, you are a pregnant, you will have to use a secret you smoke. Reduces baby movement in the womb for at least an hour after smoking each secret. Every time you smoke a secret, it reduces oxygen and nutrients supply to your own bone baby increase the risk of bad defects such as cleft lead and cleft pallet. It's slow as baby growth and development. Smoking can impair baby's brain development and lungs development as well. It reduces breast-mic supply and the quality of breast-mic as well. Smoking during pregnancy can increase the rate of long-term illness in your child, even for years to come. And such is high risk of asthma. Wicker lips, wicker lungs, tytoid diabetes, high blood pressure in adulthood and increase risk of attention deficit, high partivity disorder. These are the complications that arise. Please, quit smoking and have a healthy baby. When you don't, they have a long-term complications. And even in neutral, it causes problems as well for the baby. The placenta will not be working fine, good enough. That's called placenta insufficiency. It really impair the function of the placenta for your baby, thereby causing so much harm to your child. Thank you for watching this video. And I hope you have learned something from this. Please, it is contribution, questions, your opinion. Please feel free to write them in the comments section. And don't forget to like, comments and share this video. Thank you very much."
" Do you think we should be about vaping? We should be very concerned. So when it comes to smoking or vaping, the thing that's being consumed, the thing that people are trying to put in their bloodstream, nicotine cannabis, et cetera. And let's just set those aside. I've done episodes on nicotine and cannabis and they have their application. They also have their problems. Vaping is terrible because of the other chemicals that delivers to the lungs. It's also very clear and we haven't released this episode yet, but I talked to a female hormone dog from Austin, Natalie Crawford, so OBGYN. Vaping is associated with disruptions in egg health and what they call egg quality can create certain mutations in eggs and serious endocrine issues in women. Personally, I find it disgusting. Like I just find it like I don't do it, but when I see people vaping, like to me, and listen, I used to it when growing up, I quit smoking a long time ago, but I used to smoke a bit of nicotine growing up. Remember I was a wild one, but that's not what I did it. I just, you know, nicotine works for me as a drug and I don't do it anymore. But vaping is so addictive. It's a mutagen. It mutates the genes of cells. It mutates the genes of rapidly dividing cells most. So breast cancers, ovarian cancers, egg quality, sperm are constantly turning over. So people always say, oh, well, I vape all the time and I got so-and-so pregnant or whatever. When they say I have a perfectly healthy kid, that kid might have been much healthier. And also the kid's not grown up yet, like introducing me to the kid later. I wish for that kid. I pray for them, but that their healthy is can be. But it is so clear that you're introducing a laundry list of toxins to the lungs and they're getting into the bloodstream and there are a number of them that cross the blood brain barrier. And once they cross the blood brain barrier, those neurons by virtue of the fact that neurons don't turn over across the lifespan, you've born with the ones you're going to die with. You might add a few across your lifespan, but you're mostly born with the ones that you're going to die with. Well, they're going to harbor those chemicals and those particulates. And yes, we have a grandparents that smoked and lived to be 90, but those are generally the outliers. So I can't find one good reason why people should vape. If people want nicotine in their system that badly and here I'm not recommending that, they would be much better off relying on a troture, a patch or even toothpicks or injectable. I know people I'm not going to out any nicotine. Oh, I'm not going to out anyone here, but I know people in our podcast community that rely on nicotine injections for hot cold. That is so hot cold. Yeah, I don't. It causes elevation and blood pressure. It causes these are constriction, but it also will robustly increase focus and attention to the end of the world. I'll tell you. I'm lining nicotine. You're starting to see some companies that offer things like NAD infusions also offer subcutaneous or nicotine injections going back to the or patch or gum. Smoking for a very long time, everyone knows a huge campaign, which I think was pretty effective. Actually, it's kind of discouraging people from smoking or at least making them aware about the do you remember how they got kids to stop smoking? They told them for years it was bad for their health. That didn't work. They told them that it was putting money in the pockets of these like these old cackling white guys that were like rubbing their hands in a capitalism and making a ton of money and then it became the rebellious thing to quit smoking. That would be effective. I think about this all the time that there was a big push to both disincentivize and make more different smoke, make more difficult smoking. Go to go outside. There's the smoking area. I've worked in clubs one year before the smoking ban came in in the UK and then people had to go outside, just friction, friction, friction all the way down. Then vaping came in and vaping is way more enjoyable of an experience than smoking ever was. You can have a higher dose of nicotine that tastes enjoyable, bubblegum, bubblegum,"
" Happy Sunday my beautiful friends. How are you guys today? It's been a while guys, but I'm back. I've just been struggling with my mental capacity. These last couple, six weeks or so. And it's been mentally taxing after vacation. Vacation was amazing. I still got to share with that with all the stuff we did. Like it was truly an amazing vacation. So I'll still be working on those and sharing those throughout. But today is the start of my last, hopefully last journey that I have to take. Struggling with addiction. I have smoked marijuana since I was 15 years old. And it is time. It definitely is not good for ADHD, which I just found out I have severe ADHD at 34 years of age. So I am going to do stuff that makes my ADHD better. And if I don't take action and do that, nobody's going to do it for me. So nobody can make me quit. Nobody can talk me into quitting. Like that's a decision you have to make on your own. Same with alcohol, same with losing weight. You have to decide right here that you want to do it. That you're going to do it. So I'm ready. It's taking me a little while to get my mindset right. But I'm ready. Me and Scott have not had a cigarette in 10 months today. So I figured this would be a great day to start my new journey. No smoking cannabis and no vaping. And it is. It's going to be a challenge. I know that. So I might be starting over. I don't know. And yesterday I started my new ADHD medication. This is 18 milligrams of concerta. And I can't even tell you guys the night and day difference I had yesterday. Like I got a... I wasn't losing shit all day. I wasn't spending my time looking for my vape. We're looking for my phone. I think yesterday I asked twice where's my phone. Normally it's like 60 times. Not that many, but that was an exaggeration. But yeah, it's a lot. I feel like I lose a lot of things with my ADHD and it's annoying. It was driving me crazy. So I'm going to continue to take that. My doctor does want me to win off cannabis. And I was going to try to just quit like full force. But she has asked that I just gradually lean myself off of it. So nonetheless, I'm not going to be smoking it. I will just be taking gummies because where I'm trying to quit vaping, I don't need to be smoking something else. That's just going to remind me of vaping. That's what I'm prepared to do. It's a 1135. I haven't had one vape today. I haven't had any cannabis. So I guess we'll see how the day rolls on. I'm just going to try not to do any of it. So today's day one. I'm ready. Ready to go. Is ready as I'm going to be. I mean, I don't know how much more ready I can be than this. So I'm going for it. Wish me luck. It's going to be a trial and air type thing. I just have done it since I was 15. So the last 30 years I've smoked and the last 30 years I've smoked cannabis. So I guess we shall see. Anyhow, we are going just skiing guys. I hope you have an amazing day. Got my bikini on that I said I was going to wear out. I'm worried about. I don't care. 305 to 172. I was exactly 172.0 today. So last time I talked to you guys I was 165. I gained a little bit of weight. I gained 3 pounds on vacation. But I gained 5 pounds before I left on vacation just trying to get everything done. So I'm up a few pounds and that's okay because I know what I need to do to get back down. And I did talk to, I did go and have my consultation for my skin surgery removal. And I have to lose down to 154. So I really need to lose 20 pounds before I go back into the doctor before they send that insurance. I have to have a BMI up 30 and my BMI right now is 32. But I want to tell you guys something that's amazing. When I started this journey, my BMI was 54. 54. I had a BMI up 54 you guys. So yeah, I'm way, way down from where I was at. I feel proud and I feel like nothing is going to stop me because it's not. Like I am ready to take this journey on as hard as it's going to be. I just know it will make me into the person that I'm truly meant to be. And cannabis has helped me back from a lot of things because I was arrested one time in my life for cannabis. After my divorce and I went to jail for five nights. So I mean, here in Utah, I'm under a doctor's care. It is medically okay. And I'm going to weed myself off because I know this is the last part of my journey, the last part of addiction, the last skeletons in my closet. And I'm going to show you guys that you can truly do anything you set your mind to do. I'm proved you guys are just a normal, average girl. That's it. If I can do it, every single one of you can do it. There's no excuse. It starts up here. You have to make the decision. You have to stick to the plan. You can't sway from it. You cannot sway from it. So if there's things that you want to do in life, get going because time is not slowing down. And I know you can do it. Believe in yourself. I believe in you. I'm here for support for any one of you going through journeys right now or trials. Or you just need a friend or someone to talk to or any of that guys. I'm home. I'm here. I'm available. Reach out to me. I want to know I love you guys a ton. Thank you for all the love and support throughout my journeys. It has been a while. Nine months. Started in November of last year doing TikToks and Reels. We're getting close to my one year mark. I've made a lot of friends and followers. So I appreciate all of you guys. And it's going to be a great road ahead. So I hope you guys continue to follow me. Peace and out for now, my friends. Love you lot."
" I'm a Hoot Booster Redder and make a fake and true bad tip. Tell me about this one and that's a mouth going home. I'm a Hoot Booster Redder and make a fake and true bad tip. Now after that episode of Cushion and Blueface had aired on Su's network this past weekend, people took to the internet because what is Cushion Rock doing if you know what I mean? And the controversy is all over the internet. Y'all, TMZ had published this article that said that Cushion Rock smoking while Pregos sparked furious fan debate and it does and we're going to get into this article. Now this is a tweet that kind of set it off by somebody by the name of Corey Letterman. They said, I love how since the episode of Cushion aired of her smoking profusely and calling her unborn baby, her fans are quite as kept. Nah, let's get this turned up a notch and said that baby is doomed before a burst, you can my head. They'll have eyes but no sense. Now TMZ was able to capture a lot of the comments in the comments section and somebody says, wait, Cushion is on TV smoking a blunt while pregnant? Which one of y'all foolish says that this baby would change her? Another person in common is that Cushion smoking is wild thumbs down. Another person stated that can we talk about Cushion smoking on camera and just filming around it? I swear no matter what hospital she gives birth that they will drug test her and that baby, which is absolutely 100% true. Because they drug test you even if you're not pregnant. Another person says, I know it's not my place but I have a small irritation seeing Cushion smoking while pregnant. Like, I'm a man. I will never experience pregnancy but I have a strong feeling that smoking or drinking isn't good at all for pregnancy. But there's always studies that come out that says, during pregnancy, one glass of wine per month is actually good for the baby. It's like heart healthy and things of that nature. But again, those studies are to be taken however you and your old BGYN or your gynecologist sees fit. But I've never seen a study that says smoking is good for the baby because again, smoking lowers the blood, the oxygen in your blood levels. So remember, one person is pumping all of the oxygen for that baby and that's the mom. So I don't see how decreasing the oxygen levels in your entire body could be good for the baby. But wine is a different story. TMZ even put this disclaimer here below. So the CBC strongly advises against smoking while pregnant. But her actions aren't illegal and Cushion still has some folks supporting her. And here they are. Somebody said, uh, Yossel worried about Cushion and her smoking. If her doctor said it's okay then shut the F up about it. But how do we know? Because we've never seen her doctor and what doctor would even make this type of recommendation? You guys can just pause to read the rest of this. But I want to hear from you guys. What do you think about this entire controversy around Cushion rock smoking while she's pregnant? What do you think is going to happen to the baby if it does test positive for, you know what I mean?"
" I will try to remember I'm a registered nurse. So what's up TikTok, it's your favorite nurse, Yomi Richardson, and other two bad nurses podcast. It is a lot that's trending on social media today, but when I was looking at this clip of Rihanna and her boo ASAP Rocky, I know I had to chime in. So a couple of disclaimers, Rihanna is your girl, she's my girl too, so please don't come for me in the comments. I like to rock a fenty face, I have the whole fenty collection, so we're on the same page with this. And thoroughly, the purpose of the two bad nurses podcast is never to tear anybody down, but for us as nurses, we see life through a healthcare lens and specifically through a nursing perspective. And so that's the way that I always approach every video, every topic, every subject, never to tear anybody down. So with that being said, let's take a look at this clip. So when I was thinking about how do I address this clip, I thought, let me break this up between Rihanna, Rihanna and the rest of us. So for those of you who engage in any kind of extracurricular habits or proclivities, fortunately, under the Affordable Care Act, Obama made it illegal for insurance companies to discriminate on people based off any kind of pre-existing condition. With that being said though, you don't want to implicate yourself in absolutely on social media because obtaining any kind of health or medical insurance is not self-check out. It's a human that you're going to have to interact and engage with. And you can best believe that that human is on social media and they're going to scrub and they're going to see, okay, is this a person that we want to ensure? So consider that when you're engaging in any kind of extracurricular habit and making the choice to post it on social media. So for Rihanna, we absolutely have to take her in the context for the island gal that she is. And then also too, that she's certainly has concierge medicine to where she's not worried about how she's being represented in the medical record or how she needs to behave in order to secure any kind of health or life insurance. So that part of the discussion that affects the rest of us is a material for her. But what affects all of us, including her, is secondhand smoke. So secondhand smoke among pregnant women has been linked to cleft lip, pre-term labor, low birth late babies, and also ceds or sudden infant death syndrome. The second hand smoke absolutely is correlated to the development of our baby's tissues, the heart, the brain, the lungs. And for those of us who are 80s babies, we can look at this video and say, ah, no big deal, our moms may have done worse. But don't forget those environmental considerations. The environment now is way worse than it is in the 80s. And they absolutely have a cumulative effect on conditions, both for our babies and for ourselves. So what we always want to do is limit those exposures, those innocuous exposures that are absolutely harmful, especially given what the maternal, the black maternal mortality rates are currently. They're horrific. And so we don't want to do anything that's going to contribute to that."
" So there's not a ton of research and more research needs to be done. Okay, so I'm just gonna speak from personal experience and personal experience only I'm not about to pull up Google factoids or researchers or anything like that. Okay, do your own research. I don't give a shit So when I got pregnant my first two kids I didn't smoke any drink any of that prior During after none of that just wasn't something I did and then I started smoking like here's later down the road after I was working hours and hours and hours and all And and I was just exhausted. I need a way to distress. So fast forward to me Right before I get pregnant I ended up being put on SSRIs, you know all this nonsense And when I get to my doctors appointment very first one they asked me no to you doing drugs you drink and I'm like a Definitely drink not anymore now that I found out and I was also smoking weed prior to that and I said to them, you know I'm obviously not gonna smoke and they like yeah, please don't I so what about my medications are they gonna affect the baby like they're chemicals man made chemicals lab made chemicals and They're telling me yeah, no go ahead take them a couple of my medications though I wasn't allowed to take because they were linked to severe burst effects And just all these problems. So I wasn't allowed to take certain medications and then I wasn't I still wasn't allowed to Take those same medications when I was trying to breastfeed So here's where I have a problem. So one point during my pregnancy I was taking Tylenol as they prescribed because I had a toothache and I was taking a lot of it like like the max amount They were letting me take and I was like, yeah, this doesn't feel right. I was like you sure I can't have like a bowl to like take this Like pain away and they're like no you can't and they were making me feel really really dirty about it Like I was doing something wrong. So obviously I'm not gonna fucking smoke I mean while I know people Personally, okay, personally actively smoked cigarettes throughout their pregnancies because their doctors literally told them it was safer for them to smoke the cigarette during the pregnancy Then not too because it was gonna cause more harm to them and the baby because of like the adverse effects of their addiction So here's where I'm confused. Everybody wants to bash moms who smoke weed or try to smoke weed because they don't want to take Lab-created medications and then their moms do that and then they still get shit right because they're not supposed to take Medications or chemicals in their body, right? You're gonna be mad at a mom for eating a deli sandwich You're gonna come out of mom for you know having a single glass of wine in her entire pregnancy Even though there are other countries that do it regularly like I'm not saying they're fucking thrown back drinks But you'll have a glass here there whatever it's not the end of the world because it's in moderation and Their countries aren't peddling all this propaganda bullshit like Again, make the right decisions for you and your family and your body and your children But fear-mongering isn't and there's no way anybody's gonna convince me that chemicals are safer than a plant. It's just not right. It doesn't make sense"
" This is a personal reef of client 344. My cholesterol can take more rethinage from the message, but this is a personal reef of client 344. It's very rich, it does the care 44 in terms of pregnancy. STT, STI, while pregnant, cryptopragncy about to be revealed. You're not going to lose this baby a womb is protected. Verbal rise and schedule, doctor appointment. Symptoms could be more changes in somnia, exhaustion, and scrum cravings, glowing skin, swollen skin changes, grief loss, or very emotional. This is Christmas a significant 8 pounds or less baby. Divine feminine pregnancy is a divine, gotter and protected. So we got divine feminine pregnancy is divine, gotter and protected. Baby boy energy, daddy knows you're having a cryptopragncy for him. Stop smoking, you're going to have to subzoot wine. The baby said he can't take the smoke. Birthday February March, June December, October. They wear it very significant, you're not going to miscarry, but still take it easy. My throat was about to go out just now, drink some tea. Daddy family doesn't like you. Maybe they own it off with you, wish you washy. I'm not ready to review myself yet. This could be the reason why the baby not ready to reveal itself. Tore someone or rising. We keep showing you that you are pregnant girl, conflict but the divine is can't deny all five of ones. Indie protected mean you, five of ones energy is conflict, chaos and competition, just conflict. All could be sports. Naja Mom's in sensitive smell, dizzy spells. I am your first start, new beginning, balanced mommy. I did say 8 pounds or less in Christmas, right? Yeah, I did. I already said these. Is there anything else there? You can be getting false positive of this. Drink a smoke of their pregnancy. Get me that stuff. Healthy baby being born at the losing of baby. You are a great parent to have. I'm glad I chose you to. Is parents, yes, for whatever you had in your mind. The answer is yes. Every son will rise in. Somebody took on your symptom. A water sign or fire sign could be significant for those times. This is water sign. What else is the point? 34th grade. Vembo, birth, muscle, stomach and leg, or leg. S-L-U-T-H could be significant. Three to six months pregnant, popping out here in the top. Cancer son, pull apart in depression, be aware. I got tens in a week, look like right here. But these might be stubborn. Our angel Michael, a medical officer, I'm protecting your baby. October could be significant. Somebody could be manifested for to 44444444 for to be significant. June, April and commitment."
" My dad neglected me for his narcissistic wife who wants to get rid of me. Now that they have a son they want me to move out. My dad and my mom separated a long time ago because my mom messed around a lot with substances. Her pregnancy was very high risk because she found it really hard to quit smoking and drinking. My dad made her quick cold turkey, but he would always find her with a drink in hand. I didn't suffer a lot for it, but it definitely messed me up. When my mom gave birth, my dad went through with a divorce and got full custody of me. Since it was just us for a long time, I got very used to his presence and being the only girl in his life. He was a very busy man but he always made time to watch movies with me, take me on vacation out of state, we even went to Disney World once. It was amazing with it just being the two of us. But then Nina came into the picture. Nina was my dad's wife whom he married five years ago. I'll admit I didn't like her. She stole my dad away all the time. She would constantly want to go on dates with him so I had to stay with a babysitter or by myself when I got older. It got really lonely and I missed spending time with my dad. It seemed like Nina had it out for me and wanted him to start a new life with him and without me. She never even tried to bond with me. My dad would push for us to do girly things together, but Nina would always say she's too tired or say she already had plans. I got the hint and stopped involving myself with her. Because of this distance between us, my dad started to forget I existed. He would make dinner for the two of us and he got into the habit of only making portions for two. This meant that whenever he cooked, I would have to eat some leftovers or heat up some frozen food because Nina would always eat all of it. I've tried to talk to my dad about it, but he says I'm young and still trying to adjust to this life. I told him it's been five years already, I should be used to it by now, but things only. Get worse because Nina hates me. He tried to tell me that Nina was also struggling to adjust to having a daughter so I should cut her some slack. Since then, I stopped confiding in my dad because he never took my problems seriously. I also had no other support to fall back on because we moved away from my grandparents when my dad married Nina. His family also didn't get along with Nina because I used to tell them how she treated me when we still lived close to them. This caused a lot of problems and we had to move away, which I'm still sad about to this day. I didn't know this for a while, but my dad and Nina were trying to have a child but couldn't. They kept this a secret from me so right off of that they weren't onto a good start. Then, they used a sperm donor because my dad found out he couldn't have any more kids. With that came along my half brother Mark. Sharing my dad with Nina was already a lost cause and now I had to share him with a sibling too. It really felt like Nina was trying to keep me out of this family since she was really pushing on the two of them having kids. Seeing my dad felt like a miracle since Mark was born. We used to spend two days a week together without Nina, but he told me he couldn't do that anymore with a new baby in the house. He explained that he couldn't leave his wife alone for two days a week with a newborn. I was obviously very angry about it because Nina had taken so much away from me. I kept distancing myself from them and they didn't even bother to check up on me. I wasn't seeking attention, but they hadn't heard from me or seen me in nearly a week and my dad never asked about it. Well, three days ago, he finally talked to me but it wasn't for the reason I wanted. I thought he was going to tell me he wanted to hang out with me like we used to or just have a nice conversation with me, but no. Him and Nina had decided to make a nursery for Mark instead of having him in their bedroom. I asked what was the problem with that and he said they just wanted their privacy. So, our home has two master bedrooms and two bedrooms on the other side of the house. Those two bedrooms are empty so it was perfect for Mark, except Nina thought it was also difficult to go to the other side of the house multiple times at night when Mark woke up. I said that's why they should have him in their room, but my dad suggested something so much better. He wanted me to give up my master bedroom for this little baby. It wasn't up for negotiation either, he wanted me to pack my stuff up and move out of my room. I didn't even try to fight it because I had enough. I just said okay and started packing. I overheard him telling Nina that I had agreed and she got so happy. She started talking about how she would redecorate my room, rid the walls of the ugly pink color I had chosen, and just leave no trace of me ever being in that bedroom. I was pissed and called my uncle to come pick me up. When he came, I saw him talking to my dad and I just said, you can give my room to your son now, and we left. He texted me that I could only stay for one night, but I told my uncle I needed as much time apart from them as possible. I explained the whole situation to him, how Nina hates me, my dad won't listen to me anymore, and this new kid is replacing me. He let me stay for nearly a week. In that time, I saw my grandparents and I also told them everything. They were not happy at all and called my dad to tell him how bad of a father he is, along with some other names. I heard my dad say he didn't trust their judgment because I'm obviously the favorite so of course they're going to take my side. I was sad that was his whole take away on this whole thing. It wasn't just about taking my side. It's about how I've been neglected ever since Nina entered into our lives and he refuses to see that."
" Dad neglected me for his narcissistic wife who wants to get rid of me. Now that they have a son they want me to move out. My dad and my mom separated a long time ago because my mom messed around a lot with substances. Her pregnancy was very high risk because she found it really hard to quit smoking and drinking. My dad made her quick cold turkey, but he would always find her with a drink in hand. I didn't suffer a lot for it, but it definitely messed me up. When my mom gave birth, my dad went through with a divorce and got full custody of me. Since it was just us for a long time, I got very used to his presence and being the only girl in his life. He was a very busy man but he always made time to watch movies with me, take me on vacation out of state, we even went to Disney World once. It was amazing with it just being the two of us. But then Nina came into the picture. Nina was my dad's wife whom he married five years ago. I'll admit I didn't like her. She stole my dad away all the time. She would constantly want to go on dates with him so I had to stay with a babysitter or by myself when I got older. It got really lonely and I missed spending time with my dad. It seemed like Nina had it out for me and wanted him to start a new life with him and without me. She never even tried to bond with me. My dad would push for us to do girly things together, but Nina would always say she's too tired or say she already had plans. I got the hint and stopped involving myself with her. Because of this distance between us, my dad started to forget I existed. He would make dinner for the two of us and he got into the habit of only making portions for two. This meant that whenever he cooked, I would have to eat some leftovers or heat up some frozen food because Nina would always eat all of it. I've tried to talk to my dad about it, but he says I'm young and still trying to adjust to this life. I told him it's been five years already, I should be used to it by now, but things only. Get worse because Nina hates me. He tried to tell me that Nina was also struggling to adjust to having a daughter so I should cut her some slack. Since then, I stopped confiding in my dad because he never took my problems seriously. I also had no other support to fall back on because we moved away from my grandparents when my dad married Nina. His family also didn't get along with Nina because I used to tell them how she treated me when we still lived close to them. This caused a lot of problems and we had to move away, which I'm still sad about to this day. I didn't know this for a while, but my dad and Nina were trying to have a child but couldn't. They kept this a secret from me so right off of that they weren't onto a good start. Then, they used a sperm donor because my dad found out he couldn't have any more kids. With that came along my half-brother Mark. Sharing my dad with Nina was already a lost cause and now I had to share him with a sibling too. It really felt like Nina was trying to keep me out of this family since she was really pushing on the two of them having kids. Sharing my dad felt like a miracle since Mark was born. We used to spend two days a week together without Nina, but he told me he couldn't do that anymore with a new baby in the house. He explained that he couldn't leave his wife alone for two days a week with a newborn. I was obviously very angry about it because Nina had taken so much away from me. I kept distancing myself from them and they didn't even bother to check up on me. I wasn't seeking attention, but they hadn't heard from me or seen me in nearly a week and my dad never asked about it. Well, three days ago, he finally talked to me but it wasn't for the reason I wanted. I thought he was going to tell me he wanted to hang out with me like we used to or just have a nice conversation with me, but no. Him and Nina had decided to make a nursery for Mark instead of having him in their bedroom. I asked what was the problem with that and he said they just wanted their privacy. So, our home has two master bedrooms and two bedrooms on the other side of the house. Those two bedrooms are empty so it was perfect for Mark, except Nina thought it was also difficult to go to the other side of the house multiple times at night when Mark woke up. I said that's why they should have him in their room, but my dad suggested something so much better. He wanted me to give up my master bedroom for this little baby. It wasn't up for negotiation either, he wanted me to pack my stuff up and move out of my room. I didn't even try to fight it because I had enough. I just said okay and started packing. I overheard him telling Nina that I had agreed and she got so happy. She started talking about how she would redecorate my room, rid the walls of the ugly pink color I had chosen, and just leave no trace of me ever being in that bedroom. I was pissed and called my uncle to come pick me up. When he came, I saw him talking to my dad and I just said, you can give my room to your son now, and we left. He texted me that I could only stay for one night, but I told my uncle I needed as much time apart from them as possible. I explained the whole situation to him, how Nina hates me, my dad won't listen to me anymore, and this new kid is replacing me. He let me stay for nearly a week. In that time, I saw my grandparents and I also told them everything. They were not happy at all and called my dad to tell him how bad of a father he is, along with some other names. I heard my dad say he didn't trust their judgment because I'm obviously the favorite so of course they're going to take my side. I was sad that was his whole take away on this whole thing. It wasn't just about taking my side. It's about how I've been neglected ever since Nina entered into our lives and he refuses to see that."
" My dad neglected me for his narcissistic wife who wants to get rid of me. Now that they have a son they want me to move out. My dad and my mom separated a long time ago because my mom messed around a lot with substances. Her pregnancy was very high risk because she found it really hard to quit smoking and drinking. My dad made her quick cold turkey, but he would always find her with a drink in hand. I didn't suffer a lot for it, but it definitely messed me up. When my mom gave birth, my dad went through with a divorce and got full custody of me. Since it was just us for a long time, I got very used to his presence and being the only girl in his life. He was a very busy man but he always made time to watch movies with me, take me on vacation out of state, we even went to Disney World once. It was amazing with it just being the two of us. But then Nina came into the picture. Nina was my dad's wife whom he married five years ago. I'll admit I didn't like her. She stole my dad away all the time. She would constantly want to go on dates with him so I had to stay with a babysitter or by myself when I got older. It got really lonely and I missed spending time with my dad. It seemed like Nina had it out for me and wanted him to start a new life with him and without me. She never even tried to bond with me. My dad would push for us to do girly things together, but Nina would always say she's too tired or say she already had plans. I got the hint and stopped involving myself with her. Because of this distance between us, my dad started to forget I existed. He would make dinner for the two of us and he got into the habit of only making portions for two. This meant that whenever he cooked, I would have to eat some leftovers or heat up some frozen food because Nina would always eat all of it. I've tried to talk to my dad about it, but he says I'm young and still trying to adjust to this life. I told him it's been five years already, I should be used to it by now, but things only. Get worse because Nina hates me. He tried to tell me that Nina was also struggling to adjust to having a daughter so I should cut her some slack. Since then, I stopped confiding in my dad because he never took my problems seriously. I also had no other support to fall back on because we moved away from my grandparents when my dad married Nina. His family also didn't get along with Nina because I used to tell them how she treated me when we still lived close to them. This caused a lot of problems and we had to move away, which I'm still sad about to this day. I didn't know this for a while, but my dad and Nina were trying to have a child but couldn't. They kept this a secret from me so right off of that they weren't onto a good start. Then, they used a sperm donor because my dad found out he couldn't have any more kids. With that came along my half brother Mark. Sharing my dad with Nina was already a lost cause and now I had to share him with a sibling too. It really felt like Nina was trying to keep me out of this family since she was really pushing on the two of them having kids. Sharing my dad felt like a miracle since Mark was born. We used to spend two days a week together without Nina, but he told me he couldn't do that anymore with a new baby in the house. He explained that he couldn't leave his wife alone for two days a week with a newborn. I was obviously very angry about it because Nina had taken so much away from me. I kept distancing myself from them and they didn't even bother to check up on me. I wasn't seeking attention, but they hadn't heard from me or seen me in nearly a week and my dad never asked about it. Well, three days ago, he finally talked to me but it wasn't for the reason I wanted. I thought he was going to tell me he wanted to hang out with me like we used to or just have a nice conversation with me, but no. Him and Nina had decided to make a nursery for Mark instead of having him in their bedroom. I asked what was the problem with that and he said they just wanted their privacy. So, our home has two master bedrooms and two bedrooms on the other side of the house. Those two bedrooms are empty so it was perfect for Mark, except Nina thought it was also difficult to go to the other side of the house multiple times at night when Mark woke up. I said that's why they should have him in their room, but my dad suggested something so much better. He wanted me to give up my master bedroom for this little baby. It wasn't up for negotiation either, he wanted me to pack my stuff up and move out of my room. I didn't even try to fight it because I had enough. I just said okay and started packing. I overheard him telling Nina that I had agreed and she got so happy. She started talking about how she would redecorate my room, rid the walls of the ugly pink color I had chosen, and just leave no trace of me ever being in that bedroom. I was pissed and called my uncle to come pick me up. When he came, I saw him talking to my dad and I just said, you can give my room to your son now, and we left. He texted me that I could only stay for one night, but I told my uncle I needed as much time apart from them as possible. I explained the whole situation to him, how Nina hates me, my dad won't listen to me anymore, and this new kid is replacing me. He let me stay for nearly a week. In that time, I saw my grandparents and I also told them everything. They were not happy at all and called my dad to tell him how bad of a father he is, along with some other names. I heard my dad say he didn't trust their judgment because I'm obviously the favorite so of course they're going to take my side. I was sad that was his whole take away on this whole thing. It wasn't just about taking my side. It's about how I've been neglected ever since Nina entered into our lives and he refuses to see that."
" Finally quit vaping reason that quit is because I'm pregnant But even if you're not pregnant and you want to quit vaping watch this video because I think what I did could help you too So I was reading this book what to expect when you're expecting and it was talking about like the side effects If you smoke and it scared the shit out of me, so immediately I knew I had to quit as soon as I read that I tell my fiancee we need to go to the vape store right now that way I can get a new vape But a disposable vape that was zero nicotine I was still vaping but it had zero nicotine because my thought is With vaping or even smoking in general. There's two addictions in one I'm addicted to the action of having something to vape on and I'm addicted to the nicotine itself So I'm like maybe if I break up this addiction into two phases, it'll be easier to quit So I thought I would just drop down and quit the nicotine and then whenever I got the nicotine out of my system Then I could break the habit of having something to actually vape because that's an addiction in itself is just Doing this action to your mouth all day within a week I quit vaping in general I was someone who would wake up in the middle of the night and turn the freaking bed over looking for my vape because I needed to hit it I was having like nicotine withdraws that bad. I was so addicted to this vape like the third or fourth day I realized that I would wake up and I did not have the craving for that vape I said like the fourth day I woke up I got in the shower. I made myself breakfast I sat down to start work and then I seen the vape on the couch and I completely forgot about the vape This is like four days in and I was extremely addicted to this thing So I thought it was gonna be a lot harder than what it was and so as soon as my fiance woke up I handed him the zero nicotine vape he already had my like true nicotine vape and took it away from me But I handed him the new vape that I bought that had zero nicotine and I said take this with you hot it do something with it I need to just like completely stop because I'm not having the nicotine cravings anymore So now I need to just get it out of sight out of mind and don't have it here whenever I'm bored and I want to like vape you know So now it works. Mikey took that with them to work every day and I don't leave anymore I still sometimes have the craving for it not really the nicotine but just like the fact that I'm sitting on the couch And like I'm used to doing this every few minutes, you know that is hard to quit Just like the action that's yeah, that's how I quit vaping and I am so proud I feel like a lot of it has to do with me being pregnant because I have that push factor like something to Quit for like you shocked he really didn't think I could do it because guys that thing had a chokehold on me But we're both so happy and that's just a little bit more ease of mind I have throughout this pregnancy I hope it helps when you guys"
" So I probably feel no like okay my original name that my grandma gave me I found it yesterday And I put it on one but today is our date three of quitting cigarettes and so for it is like 11, 13, 12 right now Now literally only have one cigarette Okay, so um Maybe maybe we'll do it today but it's Maybe we'll do it a little better like even just cutting down the amount of cigarettes I was smoking today and already made me feel better already have like just a teensy bit more energy than I had Like I don't feel like I'm rotting if that makes it like smoking cigarettes like sitting here because it's not a cigarette I'm back and sitting down and I want to see it Like I felt like I was literally rotting alive and now I kind of like yes, I still smoke but I've cut it now All the time and I feel a Little better near our mom's out the day where I just want to smoke a whole pack of cigarettes back to back but Overall It's starting to get a little bit easier quitting cold turkey that first day with no how I should win about it Especially after the smoking for 13 years about the pack a day The first half of the 13 years is on two packs a day. I've heard about pregnant the last three four years has been eight pack a day um Sometimes more or less, but overall for like last four or five years has been a pack of day Like a pack of day and I put it down to seven a day. So it's a little It's getting a bit easier. It's just still hard but yeah today is day three of quitting cigarettes I have to suffer only half morning Um, that was my first morning cigarette that I've had and I still got all these Three So I take seven out every day. I get I give myself seven cigarettes a day now I get one in one in one at night. So there's two taking away and I got three four that I just went throughout the day um, and then Tomorrow it will be six a day But still one more one one at night. I don't go on and on until I get down to none So hopefully my cool if I'm back it out right on the calendar I should be be should be completely done with cigarettes by the end of jadeway Like either right at the end of jadeway or before But I should be doing by people we first know where cigarettes Um, I am picking up vaping. I know a lot of y'all don't want to do that, but I gotta have something I got to and these don't hit like a cigarette does so I'm probably won't Smith as long after I quit those. I'll probably listen to her about a month or so after that and it will go trash Now it's one of those That tells you like the percentage like how much bad day it may discuss and before percent juice lifted it So this will probably be like Morning only babe. I'll buy Cuz when it goes out hopefully all the y'all cigarettes and all just be done. So yeah"
" Me personally, I don't even know that. I'm gonna be around to my own smoke. See, you're right, I'm not fucking big, dude. Cause at least we'll see you're right, I'm just right. I'm not fucking big, I'm not fucking big, I'm not fucking big. I'm not fucking big, I'm not fucking big, I'm not fucking big. Man, man. Man, man. I'm ugly that day when I lose a phone, wallet, ID, password, error, clothes, shoes, money, PC, games, PSR, I'm ugly that's everything in the world, it's a loser. I'm ugly that day when I lose a phone, if you think it's 24 you need some help. And you can search it, I'm ugly that day when you're done. I'm ugly that day when I lose a phone, I'm ugly that day when I lose a phone, I'm ugly that day when I lose a phone, I'm ugly that day when I lose a phone, I'm ugly that day when I lose a phone, I'm ugly that day when I lose a phone, I'm ugly that day when I lose a phone, I'm ugly that day when I lose a phone, I'm ugly that day when I lose a phone, I'm ugly that day when I lose a phone, I'm ugly that day when I lose a phone, I'm ugly that day when I lose a phone, I'm ugly that day when I lose a phone, I'm ugly that day when I lose a phone, I'm ugly that day when I lose a phone, I'm ugly that day when I lose a phone, I'm ugly that day when I lose a phone, I'm ugly that day when I lose a phone, I'm ugly that day when I lose a phone, I'm ugly that day when I lose a phone, I'm ugly"
" Mary Jane has changed my life. I've been smoking for five years and this is the first year that it has changed my life. Okay, so for the past five years I've been smoking. I'm currently on a mental health journey. They want to chemically medicate me. I don't want that to happen. I don't want to take chemicals to be medicated and they want to medicate me for postpartum depression and postpartum rage. Those things can resolve themselves. I don't believe that I need chemicals pumped into my body to make me feel better. So I've taken it upon myself to look at my Mary Jane smoking out, but since the how the way it makes me feel and see for that actually a beneficial thing for me. So what I've noticed is that if I'm bored it only lasts about 15 minutes. It doesn't improve my emotions at all. No, and I'm having a manic moment where I'm just super super super super happy or I'm experiencing negative emotions. So anger, sadness, anxiety, you know, the list goes on. I smoke it lasts about an hour. So like around the time you see on the internet it lasts for and it actually improves my thoughts in my brain. It improves the actual motion itself. I calm down. I literally calm down. I look at the situation and I get through it in a positive way. So it helps me except for the past five years I've been abusing it. So I had no idea that I was smoking something that could have been helping me this whole entire time. And the reason why I'm posting this is because I had no idea and I'm sure there's a lot of people out there who have no idea. And so I think that if you're a Mary Jane smoker you should really pay attention to the way you feel before you start smoking in the way you feel after. Because for me this is a real life medication. This does improve my life. This makes my life easier. I'm not like a crazy smoker. I may be smoked twice a day once in the morning once at night. Sometimes it's a third in there. If I have a really really bad day and I'm staying home on I will smoke in the middle of the day because sometimes like those emotions get in and you just cannot control them. Like I said postpartum. So this is like a chemical imbalance. I cannot literally control. But yeah, Mary Jane is a medicinal property that can be used as a medication and I just want people to see this so they can look it into themselves. You know how to see how it's making them feel or even if you've never smoked Mary Jane and you're looking for something that's not a chemical that's going to improve you. You know maybe check it out."
" My dad neglected me for his narcissistic wife who wants to get rid of me. Now that they have a son they want me to move out. My dad and my mom separated a long time ago because my mom messed around a lot with substances. Her pregnancy was very high risk because she found it really hard to quit smoking and drinking. My dad made her quick cold turkey, but he would always find her with a drink in hand. I didn't suffer a lot for it, but it definitely messed me up. When my mom gave birth, my dad went through with a divorce and got full custody of me. Since it was just us for a long time, I got very used to his presence and being the only girl in his life. He was a very busy man, but he always made time to watch movies with me, take me on vacation out of state, we even went to Disney World once. It was amazing with it just being the two of us. But then Nina came into the picture. Nina was my dad's wife whom he married five years ago. I'll admit I didn't like her. She stole my dad away all the time. She would constantly want to go on dates with him so I had to stay with a babysitter or by myself when I got older. It got really lonely and I missed spending time with my dad. It seemed like Nina had it out for me and wanted him to start a new life with him and without me. She never even tried to bond with me. My dad would push for us to do girly things together, but Nina would always say she's too tired or say she already had plans. I got the hint and stopped involving myself with her. Because of this distance between us, my dad started to forget I existed. He would make dinner for the two of us and he got into the habit of only making portions for two. This meant that whenever he cooked, I would have to eat some leftovers or heat up some frozen food because Nina would always eat all of it. I've tried to talk to my dad about it, but he says I'm young and still trying to adjust to this life. I told him."
" What about how do you approach this? And what are you thinking? When do you cut off the curse? OK, so with, uh, with journey, I didn't really smoke like that at all. I just, I mean, I felt more sick. So so like once I found out, obviously, you know, when you find out you, you very early. So that, you know, that isn't really going to play. But I would never be big pregnant or even just journey. I was just so like, I mean, your second time, I talked about your first time, uh, which of on, I definitely was hidden, hidden, like, you know, a bong or hidden this, but I wasn't smoking back with I wasn't doing none of that. And then once I reached like five months, maybe six, I couldn't even, I was like, even being in the car was too much, but I was also 17 then. So it didn't really matter to me, but journey, I couldn't even smoke. It was just like, I was, it just felt, it just feels like wrong. Like, yeah, my girl name is. There's a baby inside you. You know, I'm saying, I'm smoking inside like the moment she found that she was pregnant. Yeah. No, I mean, yeah. And which I felt like it was over the top, but also like, okay, for sure. I mean, it depends on your body, depends on how you feel about it. For me, when I was trying to, with journey, more so I was smoking. If I hit something, it was more so like I was feeling sick or I was just not feeling good. But once you get that, once you get to a certain point, you're not supposed to smoke on God, you're not like, and you know that. It's common sense. You know, I'm not even a girl. I know you know, you know, you know, you know, even before that."
