" So it might take on nicotine going into your breast milk, is basically like, well, if you can drink drinking as a drug goes into your bloodstream, very very similar to nicotine. If you can drink without it going into your breast milk, then I just don't see why you can't smoke or vape without it doing the same. Do you know what that might be an extremely naive thing to say? So I'm not saying that's a factor or anything, I'm just saying that's how I think about it. But also I don't smoke like disposable, so I figure out something like that. The liquids I use are only 10 milligrams, which is half the amount of nicotine and there would be a noticeable weight. Not that that makes a massive difference, but obviously it does make some sort of a difference compared to the first smoke and disposable cigarettes. But yeah, I don't think I've ever had a problem with Alphys Health or anything like that. I just personally put it in the same category as drinking alcohol. But hopefully with the next baby, I won't do it at all and I won't need to even think about it."
" The world is now full of so many carcinogens, pathogens, additives to our foods. There was once upon a time we could say don't do this or else it causes birth defects or don't do this. But now if you drink the water or if you just go outside and inhale in exhale, you don't know what kind of toxin you're exposing yourself to or you're unborn child. So as a form of reassurance, you left that message in June, it's January. I don't want you to fear oh my god, oh my god, did I do something terrible? The average woman by the time she finds out she's pregnant, she already has possibly had a drink or smoke. So don't be hard to yourself. We get so much this causing respiratory pathology. How could some of my definitively say, mm-hmm? Oh, your baby gets sniffled? It's because you were vaping. We just want to have as much of a safe, clean pregnancy as we possibly can."
" So I just wanted to address this comment because I have had a lot of them. I just want to say before I start talking about it that no one should criticize a mum for how she does her pregnancy. You've got to think at the end of the day what you see on the internet is in a hundred percent what it's like all the time and you've got to realise that there's a lot of things that go on behind closed doors, never, never know what someone is going through or has been through and why they are doing a certain thing. The reason why I smoked, well I didn't smoke, I've raped while I was pregnant with Hazel Grace was because beforehand I was smoking a 20-deck in two days because of my mental health and stuff that I had been through a few years before I was even considering having a baby. As soon as I found out I was pregnant I stopped smoking cigarettes straight away but my doctors and health care professionals and stuff like that did not recommend that I cutted nicotine out altogether because that would cause me a lot of distress with mental health problems that I have. I tried nicotine patches and stuff like that but it didn't work for me. The nicotine patches made me nauseous. I couldn't have the chewing gum because I had braces at the time and eastergurettes was... Yeah, so they did not recommend I cut it out altogether because it would cause me a lot of distress. So I went to vaping which they said was perfectly fine. Me and Jack both eastergurettes and yeah they said that was okay. All the health care professionals threw up a hole in my pregnancy said that was fine. So just don't criticise moms for doing it. Everyone has their own coping mechanism. Just remember that. You never know what your comment could do to somebody. So just... Or just don't comment on it. If you don't do it, I'll give you hats off to your congratulations on everything and good luck to it but I personally couldn't do it myself."
" I think this question a lot. We know a little bit about nicotine. We do know that if you smoke too much nicotine, it will decrease your supply, especially if you're up to like a pack a day. We also know that nicotine kind of stays on the skin and it's easily transferred to the baby. So we have some recommendations that you smoke outside, you wear a jacket, things like that. Vaping's a little different because it's not regulated, it's not well studied, and not everything is consistent with every type of vaping utensil. And so what we're saying right now is, vaping can wait. You know, finding something else that will help you deal with stress, maybe something that you enjoy, something that's more of a distraction. Whatever it is that you're using vaping to suppress, find a different alternative right now while you're breastfeeding. And hopefully we'll have more evidence and settings in the future so we can have a more specific answer for you. But thanks for asking."
" Oh my gosh! It's almost like everybody didn't already know that! And it's almost like I didn't quit! Cold turkey at that! Let me ask you a question. Why follow me if this is how you're going to act? And you know what? You've been following me for a very long time. I know this because I went through your following list and I was way, way, way at the bottom. But do you know we call people like you? You're very hurt because hurt people try to hurt people. You're not a follower. You're not even part of this family. You are what we call a fan. And I don't refer to my followers as fans at all because I hate that word. I don't like having fans. We're not celebrities. We're not none of that. And for your information, I am Mother of the Year. And I'm sure you are too, along with every other beautiful woman on this earth that has created a child. Stop being so bitter. Enjoy life! I don't hate you and I'm not mad at you. I just don't like hypocrites. But if you need a hug, just say that."
" Let me tell you something. If you care about your child and don't want the system getting in your business then then cut the smoking out. I'm going to tell you why. When you're smoking and your breastfeeding that all of the TACs get transferred to your baby's milk because all your baby is drinking is milk. When I was three months pregnant with my daughter I couldn't eat or drink water. Everything I eat or drunk would come back up. I'm telling the doctor like yeah I'm still smoking because I can't eat anything. I even lost a lot of weight being pregnant because I couldn't eat or drink anything. I'm telling them this so that they can put me on something that works. When they finally did put me on something that works I stopped smoking. But like five months later even when I had my daughter at the hospital they had to check for TAC in her in her in her inbilical cord and it could last up to six months. If y'all smoking while pregnant, if y'all breastfeeding while pregnant they're going to open a case on you if they draw your kids blood and find TAC in them. Let's just avoid all that. Because just because you smoke doesn't mean you're a bad parent. When that shit is in your child's bloodstream that's completely different. So please please please stop smoking and breastfeeding. Don't smoke while pregnant. Let's just let's just not do it. And I'm not saying I did it for the fun of it. My ass was literally about to go fucking anorexic. But like I said before when they did put me on some medication that worked I cut that smoking shit out. Because like it's don't even sit right in my mind knowing someone's kicking in my stomach and I'm smoking. Like it don't even feel right. Talking about the baby."
" So we're on a red 12. Amy's high reading puts her at a four times greater risk of delivering prematurely than an on-smoker. It's actually a little baby ending there. But what did we say before? We can make a change, can't we? If that is what you want into it, we can look to the make a change and make a difference. How much would you like to give up smoking? But this is about just wanting to do it. Let's get a one to 10. 10. 10? I'm not sure I'm not sure. And if we have to measure your confidence, I'd be enabled to do it on a scale of one to 10. Where would you put yourself? About four. Four. As eager as she is for Amy to quit, Lisa can see she needs to build up Amy's confidence first."
" This is the fifth video to pop up on my 4U page today talking about the girl who is pregnant and vaping. I'm probably gonna get a lot of shit for this and I just really don't care because you know what? I was told not to quit smoking cold turkey because I would put too much stress on the baby and I would probably lose him. So I was recommended to vape and slowly stop smoking. Not only that, but I was also recovering addict. I had actually gotten sober a month before I got pregnant and I was already taking subutex. I didn't want to take subutex during my pregnancy but I was told that if I had stopped I would have miscarried. I see a lot of people saying that these girls vaping or smoking or whatever during pregnancy are choosing addiction over their children and that is not true. If you've never been there you don't know the facts. I never chose addiction to anything over my son. I chose him living over miscarriage."
" quitting vaping. So last night, I definitely didn't talk about one of the major things that I quit doing and that was vaping. I have been vaping for, I don't know, four years. Oh my God, that's all so bad. So I have been 11 days free of the vape. At first, the picking up, putting something down motion, hard to kick, hard to kick. But now, it's mainly right after I eat. Like I feel like I have to wanna pick something up or carry something around with me, like little buddy, but I don't need it and I know I don't need it. It's all in my brain. So we're making it through and it's only getting easier. That's for sure. As for things that are better already, food, drinks, anything, like with a taste, a macular actually can taste it. I don't know what I've been doing the last four years. If I could actually taste or if everything was just kind of bland, but wow, taste of my food, pretty great. And for the cons, I have been evil, evil, evil, mean. Andrew will attest to that. I haven't been, I'm sure it's my hormones raging too, but I have been, like a little bit of catty. On the edge, push him button, you know, doing the things. Andrew's really putting up with me well. I don't know how. Thank you, Jesus, for my sweet man. Things that are making it a lot easier for me are minty gum. It's also helping with monogia, which I explained in my video last night. I'll link it below if you haven't watched it, but I have been really nauseous and haven't morning sickness. So the minty gum has been helping me there, but it's like a two birds, one stone situation because it's helping with the nicotine cramon as well. And then the minty lifesavers are also helping. I will keep you guys updated on how it goes and the nicotine no vape free life. Hopefully it continues on even after baby comes, but we'll see."
" Also, this has nothing to do with a lot of my followers. Honestly, I don't even think the girl who commented on one of my videos is a follower. I don't think she is. She's only 14 and that's why I'm not going to be as harsh. But yes, I smoke. I only smoke like three, four cigarettes a day. So basically nothing. And yes, I am in the process of trying to quit because I am trying to get pregnant. I did not hinder me getting pregnant with my daughter. But if I quit smoking, then it'll be easier to lose the weight. So some people say I did respond to her comment saying I am 22. I'm an adult. I was super kind about it. But I just kind of wanted to throw it out there for anybody else who was kind of silently judging me about smoking. Yes, I am trying to quit. No, I don't smoke a lot. I just smoke very little."
" I hid my second pregnancy the entire 41 weeks and then popped out with a baby. So here's some posts that I made when I was hiding my pregnancy. So starting off with my most impressive one, this was June 4th. So I was two days over my due day. I was 40 weeks in today's pregnant. And I just laid with my son in a way that unless you were zooming in on every angle of my picture, you were not going to notice that I was 40 weeks in today's pregnant. This one I was over eight months pregnant. And I just had my sister hop in front of me for the pictures that were going to be posted because there was no hiding my bump anymore at this point. I had to have something or someone in front of me. I was about six months pregnant in this one. So I did have a bump. The lean over with the big coat covered it and the cute boy with skate sand is what I figured people would most focus on. My son had long hair until Valentine's Day of last year. So I posted this picture when people started rumors were swirling that old balers pregnant. I posted this picture and I had I posted where my son had his hat on so that you couldn't see that he still had his long hair. This was actually from months before I was pregnant. But nobody knows. So I posted this one so that people would stop assuming that I was pregnant. This is Easter and this is actually when my family found out I was pregnant because I didn't announce it to anyone. I just showed up to Easter with a baby bump. I placed him on my hip in a way that his leg covered where my stomach stuck out and moved like curved my hips so that I wasn't completely sideways and you couldn't see the whole bump. Granted I was pretty small still at this point, but I definitely still look pregnant. This was my friend's birthday. We went out to eat and Olivia and Carly both posted really cute pictures of them by this lake area here and I was the only one who didn't. So I posted this picture of all three of us, four of us if you count Celi, so that nobody would start to question why I wasn't posting pictures when everyone else was. And I know that sounds like kind of crazy, but I promise you people were like on my case about if I was pregnant or not. And then on June 8th, 40 weeks and six days pregnant, I posted this and announced my pregnancy on Facebook and Instagram and every single comment was Oh my God, I had no idea. Oh my God, I didn't know. 10 out of 10 recommend hiding your pregnancy if you want to pull a Kylie Jenner and just not deal with what everybody has to think and say about you being pregnant."
" Okay, I don't know if this is gonna be 10 minutes or maybe shorter. I don't know but How you state this question and I'm tired of typing it So that's why I'm making a video, but how you state this question it is kind of rude to me I'm not kind of person will block you But I do know they can is bad while I'm pregnant I hardly do it Because I know when to stop I'm not that person like craves it But I do have really bad anxiety and I do wake up with anxiety attacks and I can't take any of my anxiety meds while I'm pregnant So Smoking vaping doing all that comes my anxiety down So I don't wake up and have an anxiety attack so And I am getting tired of Ging questions about why am I vaping at my supposed to vaping? I can't vaping pregnant not as much as I used to So if I see another question Like about me vaping while I'm pregnant I'm going to go off or I'm just gonna start blocking you Because I know what I'm doing while pregnant I don't go I don't play soccer anymore. I don't do anything That prevent me not to be pregnant I know I'm doing yes, this is my first kid But I Listen to my doctors My doctor already knows that I've a because I just had a doctor's appointment today She knows I've a I told her She said it's okay as long as I don't do it as much as I used to because of my anxiety I haven't been keeping my anxiety down. I've been waking up and paining attacks so If I receive any more questions about me vaping I'm gonna lose it and how you see this question It's kind of rude to me So that's why there's a block button for a reason If I receive any more questions about me vaping"
" Today is day one of me quitting vaping. I haven't vaped since last night at about 10 o'clock. It is currently 10 o'clock the next day in the morning. I go to work at 11 so that'll definitely help take my mind off of vaping but I did find out that I'm pregnant yesterday that I'm one to two weeks. So I have a doctor's appointment for that tomorrow. This will be my first pregnancy me and my husband. We are expecting our first child hopefully. Fingers crossed that everything goes well and everything is good. So yeah we have that doctor's appointment tomorrow to make sure everything is good. Confirm the pregnancy, get set up with an OBGYN, all that kind of stuff. So we're going so I'm currently going through that right now. That is why I'm quitting vaping because I'm pregnant and I do not want to have put any chemicals in my body while I'm pregnant. You know just a risk of hurting my child or anything like that. So we're quitting. Today is day one. I haven't vaped this morning at all. It's 10 o'clock. I feel okay. I'm not feeling any cravings. Yeah I definitely should go buy some gum though before I go to work just to help a little bit with the cravings all that kind of stuff. So follow me along on this journey of my nicotine addiction quitting it and my pregnancy journey."
" We are number one, do not come down on yourself. Okay, don't feel bad about yourself because you're moved, you're energy right now. That baby is a part of that energy. The complications of non-necessities seen as soon as the baby comes out in the delivery room. Oh, you got complications, there's subtle my dear. Wow, why does this baby always have some kind of a cold or bronchitis or the sniffles or it may be asthma later on in life? Another thing I want to bring up, you know how we got those people who were I smoke but I go outside and then I come back into house. If you haven't taken a shower, wash your hair, change your clothes, you may as well stay next to the child because the carcinogens are all in your clothes, they all in you. If you do vape or smoke, make sure that the room is as purified as you possibly can have it. Just try your best baby, but don't be hard on yourself, you human. It's not your thought, you didn't know, okay? I hope that makes you feel better."
" I posted about the dangers of second and third-hand smoke and the comment section blew up. But what came out a lot was people wondering about what second-hand smoke is, what third-hand smoke is, and there was a lot of misconception about whether or not vaping was more or less dangerous. Let me be clear, I'm going to post a video montage, I want you to pause on each slide and actually read what it says so that you're clear about the message I'm trying to send in terms of helping you be educated to protect you and your baby. But I want to be clear, the reason I believe vaping is more dangerous, aside from the ways that the CO2 canisters affect your lungs much more aggressively, is because it's misleading. We can't smell it as smoke and it often smells sweet. So we think that there's nothing wrong, the vapor is equally dangerous. Please understand that I am not placing any judgment on anyone for whatever habits that you have. You've asked me to explain second and third-hand smoke and you've asked me to present you with some studies and statistical information that you can share with yourself and with others so that you know what you're telling them is true."
" in a week and a more pregnant than ever so how about that? Since you're new to this whole pregnancy thing, I have a thing pinned at the top of my videos to tell you why you should not smoke Mary Jane during pregnancy. Also, nicotine not good for baby. So put that baby down. Walk away from the baby. You don't need it anymore. Your pregnant woman get rid of the baby. Okay, you want to have a successful pregnancy without a child that's autistic or has some sort of learning disability, we put in that baby down. If you want to see what I learned about pregnancy and baby with the Mary Jane, you look at the top of my stuff and it's pinned up there. Okay, so you just put that down please because I'm more really."
" They had... What can brood? There's something I posted a video of my dad opening a gift to him for some pregnancy tests and he thought it was a bait then. I never expected it to reach 1.5 million people. Just got out of control, got out of hand. Got a little bit of hand. I want to address some comments though because... Once like these, super nice. I got a lot of congratulations comments. But that video was from 2020 when I was pregnant with my daughter. I am not pregnant right now. I just had my son not six months ago. I would literally die. So no. Other comments, however, talking about giving my father a pee stick. I just want to clear the air. I did not piss all over that stick. I peed in a cup. Not this cup, but a cup. And I dipped the stick in the cup. I lightly dipped it in the cup. Like I said, I never expected him to open it. Never did I think he would open my pregnancy test to like take a hit thinking it was a bait pen. Cheers to the 1.5 million views club. I'm going to go back to my 300 views per video. So that was fun. Thanks."
" Free vapes are going to be handed out by the government as part of an anti-smoking drive, but is this the best way to go about it? The vapes will go out to 1 million smokers, which is about 1 in 5, as well as offers of behavioural support. It's part of the government's drive to get smoking rates in England below 5% by 2030. Now, in 2021, smoking prevails in England at about 13%. Health Minister Neil O'Brien is expected to say that the free-vate policy called SWAP to stop is going to be the first of its kind in the world. Also around 9% of women still smoke during pregnancy here in England, so they will also be offered up to £400 in shopping vouchers to stop smoking. The scheme in total is estimated to cost about £45 million. Just earlier this week, the government announced that it's setting up new enforcement to stop vates being sold illegally to under 18s. Overall, some critics are aware of this new scheme, given that the long-term effects of vaping are relatively unknown. Okay, so what do you think is SWAP to stop a good idea?"
" This might look like a toy, but it's actually an illegal vape, which was seized from a shop in County Durham. It's branded as a strawberry ice cream twistibar, which contains nicotine and has a tank size 10 times bigger than the 2 milliliter legal size. To put that into perspective, a legal vape has about 600 puffs, while this one goes up to 7000. Officials say they're particularly concerned about this product, which they say is made to look appealing to children and they say they will continue to seize illegal vapes from shops. And only last week the Prime Minister could be seen holding one of these milkshake-looking vapes during a visit to a loving Kent to watch vapes being tested. There he announced plans to crack down on vape marketing to prevent the targeting of children and teens, to close a loophole which allowed retailers to give free vapes samples to children and to make it easier to find shops selling illegal vapes. The plans however have been criticised by the opposition, who called it baby steps and said more action was needed."
" Aunt tried to announce her daughter's pregnancy at my baby shower for my rainbow baby. I posted this originally on Amity Ashole and had been told that this would fit perfectly here, since my aunt is the entitled parent. My husband and I are finally expecting our rainbow baby after years of infertility and multiple miscarriages. It's safe to say we and our family are very freaking excited. My mom is probably the most excited. She's been planning our baby shower and making decorations for months. She's been the biggest help during this exciting yet scary pregnancy. A few weeks ago, my aunt told my mother and I that my cousin is pregnant. We are very happy for her. However, my aunt said their plan is to announce her pregnancy at my baby shower, since we are having a big party anyways. She said it's not a big deal and we both can share the day. I said absolutely not because we have been waiting for this day forever and it should be all about me and my rainbow baby. My mother is on my side and told my aunt that they better not announce anything at the party. My aunt dropped it and nothing else was said. Last Saturday was my baby shower. It was everything I've waited for. Everything is going good. No one has announced my cousin's pregnancy. When it was time for us to eat my cake, my aunt said, hold on, hold on everyone and went out."
" severe sickness in pregnancy, HG, hyperemesis, hyperemesis, Gavadaram is something that I'm really passionate about, talking about and how it actually really can be so awful because I had it during my second pregnancy. First pregnancy was absolutely fine. I had sickness right up until I was about 20 weeks but I would only throw a perennarne again. This sickness was of a different kind with my second pregnancy. I had to quit work, I had to get family members to come and do the school run for me for my eldest. It was just horrendous. I couldn't even lift my head off the pillow. I considered terminating my pregnancy at various points. I had to go into hospital to A&E and get put on a drip. I was so, so unwell. I ended up having to have, I think it was six injections. I had to have an injection every week or so for B12 to help me just feel half decent. I mean, I struggled so bad financially because I've had to quit my job during my pregnancy as well. It was just an awful time and I always thought that it was just, oh, it's morning sickness. That's what that is. But for some women, it can be so detrimental to their pregnancy and their mental health. I suffered so bad with depression during my pregnancy because of this. So anyone that is spreading awareness for pregnancy sickness, I'm all for. If this is something you've been through, please let me know because I'd love to kind of share it and let people know what it's really like and how bad it really can be, because it's not just morning sickness, it is like having the flu. For up to three months, sometimes even longer, it is rude-desher and tool-to-eumental health."
" Every single time that I would try to quit smoking cigarettes, which mind you, I had been smoking cigarettes since I was nine years old. Yeah. Real cute. Wonder what my fucking lungs look like. Don't know how my teeth are still like this. But I love cigarettes. I love them. If you've been following me for a long time, you know that a good new poor, a good met menthol cigarette. But every time that I would try to quit smoking cigarettes, I would drink. So then when I drank, the fucking chains were off. I would go buy a pack of cigarettes or have one of my girls that were coming over. Somebody that was coming by, bring me a pack or I'd bum a couple, whatever. I could not be drinking and not smoke ever. So I knew that when I quit drinking, it was going to suck. It just had to really suck. So I was just gonna fucking do it all. There's no way that I could consciously feel good about not drinking and like trying to focus on my health. Because that was another huge thing with my sobriety. I just really wanted to be healthy. I was so tired of being a sloppy Joe. I just did it all together. I threw my jewel in the trash. I just didn't buy cigarettes. I chewed tons of cinnamon gum and I just didn't drink. I didn't smoke. Did it suck? It fucking sucked. Do you know what sucked the worst was getting rid of my vape? That was like crawling out of my skin. Because I had quit smoking before and I quit drinking before when I was pregnant. The smoking thing, I had done that for like a couple of months here and there before. But that was hard. The vape. But now that I don't smoke, I don't think about it. I'm 20 month smoke for you tomorrow. Alcohol free too. But it really does get easier. You guys just have to think that like you're forming these habits. You just have to form new habits. I do still to this day chew a shit ton of gum. I love gum. I'm always chomping on a piece of gum."
" For the people that have quit smoking successfully, how'd you do it? because I I Is so hard, okay? It is hard. I don't know who's out here lying and saying that it's easy. Oh, just stop. It's it's hard, okay I It's not like the the feeling of Like pulling from cigarette or like having something in between my fingers like I don't like chewing on gum or laws and just I don't like things in my mouth shut up It's literally the taste of a mental that I I crave I crave the taste so how Any advice would be lovely. Thank you"
" Okay, I just have to tell you I was a three-pack a day smoker for years. I said I would never quit. Mar-Rose and my best friend I would never leave them. I tried quitting for people I dated. I tried quitting for the sake of my mother. I tried quitting when my little sister was born. Um, I couldn't it never ever stuck until it got to the point where it was something that I wanted to do for myself. And when that happened, I quit cold turkey and Yeah, it's been I think it's been like 16 years and it's hard and I still want one all the time. Um, and I've also accepted the fact that there will be certain situations in my life where I'm gonna smoke. Um, you know, certain social situations and things like that where it's just gonna happen and I don't beat myself up about it. And I know for myself that it's okay for me to do because I will never I know that I will never pick up another habit like I had before. Um, and I know that's not true for everybody, but if you feel like you really want to do it, I totally have faith that you can quit."
" I'm not sure if that's not the right answer. I'm not sure if that's not the right answer. Right, so I'm taking a while for this response because I've been thinking of how to word it. What is the answer to? Like you tell me what you're saying. Yeah, I've been thinking of how to word it. So here goes the nice response. I don't smoke and I haven't done for well over two years. Alright, see I quit smoking about two mobs before my son was conceived. So even before I was pregnant with him I quit smoking. But I'm just not liking your audacity as to judge people for smoking. In the way that you've done in your life that you've sort of regretted or whatever. I mean I'm pretty much sure you wouldn't like being judged for certain stuff. Alright."
" If you're pregnant and you're still smoking cigarettes or vaping, I am judging the fuck out of you. Like there's really no excuse, it's selfish as fuck and you're already failing. And don't even try to hit me with the, oh it's bad to quit cold turkey when you're pregnant because your child can go through withdrawals. I started smoking cigarettes when I was nine years old. I was a literal fucking child. As soon as I found out I was pregnant with my son, I quit. Because that's what you're supposed to do. And then we got all the older moms saying, Oh, well we used to smoke in the 80s and 90s and we were pregnant. Yeah, yeah, and look at most of us. We're fucking depressed and anxiety filled. And we have health issues. Wonder why. And same thing goes for if you're smoking cigarettes or vaping in your house around your children 24-7. Like, I'm judging the fuck out of you. And I'm not a judgemental mom at all. Like do what you want to do with your children. But if you're putting them in harm's way, I'm gonna judge you. And I'm gonna have my opinion and it's not gonna be a nice one. You can go nine months without a vape or a cigarette. And you can go outside to hit your vape or smoke your cigarette. You don't have to do it in front of your children. And I'm only bringing this up because I see it being a fucking trend. I see so many pregnant women on this app vaping and nobody says anything about it. They don't care. Like, I understand that it's not your body and it's not your baby, but like, it's not okay and we shouldn't normalize it. And I'm not talking about smoke and Mary Jane. That's actually beneficial during pregnancy and it's a lot safer than a lot of the medications that doctors try to put women on while they're pregnant. But tobacco, nicotine products have so many harsh chemicals. It is literally horrible for you. And I'm a vapor myself. I have nothing against it. I used to also smoke for years and years and years. I started smoking when I was a child. When you have kids, you put them first always. And I feel the same way about other types of users. I have no sympathy for you. I don't. Do what you need to do for your children."
You're exactly right and I it's so odd that that's like if you're smoke and you get pregnant and say don't quit like that like right off the bat because you stress out the baby nicotine stress or lack of nicotine stress or something like that but I've heard that and it's just weird you know
" I'm gonna take full accountability right here and say, yes, I am a stupid parent for getting pregnant as being a smoker. Someone who depends on smoking, yes. I will say that first, but I'm also gonna take a second to educate you and help you better understand that withdraws cause a lot more damage in pregnancy than a plant. Again, a plant, a hemp plant, grown plant. That does not harm you. It is what's being smoked with it, the nicotine, the blunts, the backwoods. You can't have that during pregnancy. My doctor told me there is no research behind we physically harming a baby. Again, yes, I was terrible for being a dick. I guess I'm not addicted, but brilliance on weed, so young. And it was my fault I got pregnant so young, but I'm proud of the choices I took and I'm proud that I spoke to my doctor. So I could get this beautiful baby girl today."
" Now I've seen these on TikTok and I had to try them because I have been trying to quit smoking. I've tried vapes, I've tried nicotine patches when I was pregnant. I tried cold turkey that just did not work for me. I'd give it a few days and I was back smoking. So and I've wanted to quit for a while. I have a kid now. We may not smoke at the house with her but second hand smoke is a fucking thing. And all around I'd probably end up spending more time with her than smoking. But I have tried one so far. And for me, trying to quit smoking, it's the oral fixation for me. So I'm hoping this will help with that. Probably update y'all on like a week and see how it goes. I'll also tag where I got them from if it's something that maybe y'all want to try or something. Yeah, I'll update y'all on a week and see how it goes."
" So unless you know me in real life, you probably don't know this about me, but I am a smoker. I just had my last cigarette. I'm making this video to hold myself accountable because I have quit and restarted countless amount of times. I quit when I was pregnant, started back up due to stress, quit again, and then started back up because I only wanted to cigarette when I drank. And that never turns out good. I always end up smoking again. So yeah, this is my way of holding myself accountable and hoping that I stick with it this time. I don't want to be a smoker anymore. I personally don't want to smoke cigarettes. I don't want to have to feel like I need a smoke of cigarette. I don't want to resort to smoking when I'm stressed. Yeah, I just want better for my health. So I will be posting every single day that I am smoke free. I'm sorry if it gets annoying, but I'm hoping that this way I will actually... I don't know. Stick with it this time. Wish me luck because I have been a smoker since I was 18. And I'm 35 now."
" I'm really concerned about your smoking habits. Have you tried to quit? Maybe you should quit. I would like you to live for a long time. I get enough of this from your grandmother. Listen, I don't need you to lecture me about my smoking. It's my problem. I will deal with it. I'm going to smoke for as long as I want to smoke. I'm going to live a long time. Don't you worry. I know that my smoking habit bothers you. And I know that you worry about me. I'm very sorry about that. Smoking is a coping mechanism for me. And although it's unhealthy and I probably should quit it, it's very difficult. But you can talk to me about it anytime. Although it would probably be healthier if you did quit smoking. That doesn't necessarily mean that you have to quit smoking because your kid worries about you. It does mean, however, that it would be beneficial for them and their development. If you listened and validated their feelings."
" Okay, what I was explaining to her was my boyfriend had about this stuff called Sirto, it's like C-E-R-T-O, it's like a gelatin pack and he went about some sunny-d. Well you're gonna get two bottles of regular 16 ounce bottles of water and you're gonna pour the water out and pour the sunny-d into those bottles. You're gonna take one pack of Sirto and split it in between the bottles so put half and one bottle and half and other bottle. It doesn't have a taste. So you just pour it in, pour half and one and half and other. You drink that one the day before the drug test and then you drink the other one the night the night of the drug test. So drink one during the day, you drink one throughout the night and then that next day the day of your drug test you go ahead and get you a bottle of sunny-d and drink it all day and you know it helps. It cleared me out because I passed my drug test so yeah."
" Yeah, so there was a period of time that I did quit using, but it wasn't because I wanted to. It was because I was scared that I was going to give birth and then he was, they were going to drug test him and then I would come out dirty and then I would have to deal with DCF. So it wasn't, it was out of necessity and fear for my own selfish reasons, but it wasn't for the benefit of him or what was going to be in the best interest of my child that I'm carrying. It was because I was scared that I was going to suffer consequences for my own actions."
Did you know awesome acquits me? Was there a real reason why he wasn't smoking anymore? Was it because Kerni was pregnant at the time or was he nervous about the katsuki murdering his best friend Chidi Koo? We see awesome walking through the village It was about to pull out cigarette and then he stopped himself But in the very end awesome I had his last cigarette I know I said I quit could you get me one last cigarette What do you guys think made awesome acquits smoking was it because he was nervous about the fight against a katsuki or was it because Kerni was pregnant?
" Can you smoke during pregnancy? They tell you not to. Most people do. My sister and I are not it. I smoke near the end. The pills that I got, that much paranoid. A pack of them birth. And how my siblings experience these in my child. First I didn't start anything. It's their fault. So yeah, I smoke during pregnancy. Maybe a few. A couple of days. I did at the end. I was pregnant and I just stuck completely. It literally worked out perfectly. But yeah, if you want to smoke smoke. But don't change smoke. If you do that already, don't change smoke while pregnant. Look at the few. They will give you a leaflet. If you smoke, just go along with it. I just declared I was a smoker."
" It's all my grueliest struggling within addiction right now. If you are at all religious, reach out to God. He will help you. I know not all of us are, but I actually cried to God a month before I got pregnant, begging him to find the strength to quit smoking. I don't think there's anything wrong with smoking weed. Actually, I really don't see the issue in it, but I was smoking heavily every day and it was very hard on my mental health. I literally could not go a day without being sober. And God gave me a baby. Not only did He give me a baby, He gave me a baby with the first man I ever got with. The first man to show me what real love was other than my dad. And after a condom, a year's worth of birth control, general anesthesia and a car wreck, I still came out with my baby. And he is healthy for all of you who are so concerned. And I'm six months sober and happy as can be. So, thank you."
" Stop eating cupcakes! Stop eating cupcakes! First day to you, Happy birthday to you Happy birthday dear Pete! Happy birthday to you! Mom! Mom? What are you doing? What? You're smoking and in the front yard? No! No! They're fine! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! They're barbs! Mom! What have you been to smoker? I'm not a smoker. I thought you said smokers die! I'm not smoking. I wasn't smoking. I saw you! No, I wasn't. Mom, you're smoking? Dad, you can't smoke. You're pregnant. You've been doing so well. You're pregnant? No, Ethn, where? I don't want another sister. I don't want her as a sister. I'm so sorry. You just looked out. You pregnant? Since when do you pregnant? Since when do you care? You even want another baby. You have no idea what I want. I want an Asian baby. You're not going to have an Asian baby. Yes we are. They're not Asian. Sadie. I want. Shut up, Charlotte. Shut up, Sadie. Shut up, Charlotte. Shut up. Shut up, Charlotte. Shut up. I'm going to stop saying shut up. You're pregnant? Since when are you pregnant? When did you find out? Please stop eating cupcakes. Please! Stop eating cupcakes! Stop eating cupcakes! Stop eating cupcakes!"
" So we all know my cousin Bella was pregnant and then she gave birth to a beautiful baby boy named Gony and sometimes I watch her mom face him while she's making a bottle. But shortly after giving birth, Bella realized that motherhood is no joke. And sometimes she takes her anger out on him, no I'm just kidding. But today she got a moment to herself and apparently she's really excited about it and she wanted everybody to know safety first, bitch. So she went to a drive-through liquor store and I'm gonna let everybody know right now she's not breastfeeding so cut her some slack. But she really needed a cigarette and I do not blame her for it. Because the girls who get it get it and the girls who don't shut the fuck up. But this is her first cigarette in damn near a year. And she said it felt like the first time she ever smoked a cigarette. And what's crazy is she became less bitchy to me after she took a puff. Joking she's still a bitch. And this ain't her first time smoking so she already had the Fubri's on deck. And then she went to McDonald because her baby need chicken nuggets, non-kitting. Clearly we lost signal and I blamed her iPhone 11 for it. But anyways, while she was out she couldn't stop thinking about her baby the entire time. And it was a good moment for her to have to herself but she's ready to go back and be a mama. Anyway, she's held a funny so Yasha follow her."
" Even the second hand vape smoke isn't safe for your baby. Vape not only contains nicotine but also other cancer causing refined particles. And since different vape flavors may be enticing for low kids, they can get poisoned if they end up drinking one of the refills. In fact, even getting that liquid on their skin can make them sick."
" Time to be my own daughter, treat my baby like I love her. Goodbye cigarettes, goodbye loneliness, constant stress preoccupied pondering. When can I have that next breath of death? Goodbye regret, tar soaked clothes, goodbye lying, goodbye control. Even when I know I'm right, if you want to die that's not my fight I have to let you go. Like the cigarettes constant pull. Like that sugar that made me feel so full and empty at the same time. I'm okay with losing my mind if that's what it takes. Adrenaline is not my friend pushing me to follow her every whim. A quick release Thanksgiving feast with a coma at the end. Goodbye addiction."
It is insane to me how y'all are trying to justify vaping well pregnant. I even gave you all the leniency to say that maybe quitting cold turkey is not the best thing if that's what your doctor said. Because a lot of y'all said that in the comments. So I'm not going to discredit you on that. But you're telling me your doctor says that it's better for you to continue vaping your entire pregnancy than to try and ween off. People ween off all the time. I quit cold turkey and I know a lot of people who have. But to say that it's better to smoke the entire pregnancy instead of at least trying to ween off. Is ridiculous and selfish. I'm sorry. The first source that pops up on Google says we do not see any fetal distress or withdrawal issues from a abrupt nicotine secession. Like we do with illicit drugs such as heroin in regards to quitting cold turkey while pregnant. And one of the other first articles that pops up in regards to quitting cold turkey while pregnant says stopping smoking is one of the best things you can do for yourself and your baby. And the sooner you can quit the better. There's no evidence that stopping cold turkey is at all dangerous for you or your baby. I know it's hard.
" I want to stop smoking because I just found out I was pregnant. You have a really cool opportunity. Because doing hard things for yourself is really challenging. Doing hard things for other people, that's way easier. I would not wake up before in the morning for myself, but for my students, yes. Do the same with quitting."
" Breaking news, Creshaan rocks smoking while pregnant? This sparks a furious fan debate. But guys, I don't even know what the debate is. The fact of the matter is, if you're pregnant, you should not be smoking or drinking alcohol period. I mean, I've already talked about the disgusting things that Blueface has already done. Like having strippers in the middle of his living room and making his, you know, little son, watch it, and if he doesn't watch it, he calls him names. And that was Baby Mama's smoking while she's pregnant. This is just some disgusting, degenerate behavior. Like when you are pregnant, you are not only taking the responsibility of your life, but also another person's life as well. So you need to put your addictions aside. You need to put all your wants and desires aside and make sure you're taking care of that baby. So I don't know how there's any debate on this. Like who is arguing like, yeah, it's okay to do this while you're pregnant. No, it's not. And it never will be okay. I mean, if you disagree with me, let me know down in the comments so you can expose yourself. But guys, this is just disgusting behavior. But let me know what you guys think down in the comments section below. Don't forget to like this video. Share it everywhere. Hit that follow button until next time. Love, peace, and taco grease. Do better. Do better."
" I caught my girlfriend smoking while pregnant. Should I forgive her, or is it enough reason to break up? Alright, so first things first. She's pregnant for the second time after we had a miscarriage on 1-4 July. Now she got pregnant again, and the same stuff is happening, bleeding and probably a miscarriage. Now she got upset of course, but we had an ultrasound since she wasn't sure and wanted to see if everything was okay. The ultrasound came back saying the baby was probably around 5-6 weeks old. This is possible since, after a miscarriage, the ovulation can be off as well. We expected the baby to be around 8 weeks, so it was a bit of a shock. We're going back again in a week to see if the baby is growing or if it's staying the same. Now she was stressed of course, but she grabbed a cigarette to deal with the stress. After we found out she was pregnant, we both quit straight away. Now I feel like she's risking the life of the baby, who probably is already in a rough spot for the little kick of a cigarette. I don't know what to do. We had a conversation, obviously, where kind of kept saying, you don't need to tell me how bad it is, where I'm more like, I think I do, if you really knew you wouldn't have done it. Anything I do seems to calm me down. Some advice would be awesome. Thanks in advance."
" Okay, so I get addicted to caffeine. Well, why am I addicted to caffeine? There's a solution for energy. So I get addicted to drinking at night. What was the solution to? Maybe to bond, maybe to connect, maybe to chill out. It was a solution to something else. So if you work backwards from there and go, what was this person trying to solve in their life with this addiction, this habit that they can no longer break? Then you can work backwards and if you can get to the actual problem, a lot of times the problem or the addiction will drop off on its own. It's like a mother, I wish I could say this happens all the time, but more often than not, a woman gets pregnant, that smokes, smoking drops immediately. They'll pick it up right after pregnancy, but while they're pregnant, it's like, why? Because that value, the solution that they were gaining from whatever they were trying to fix is overridden by, I'm now gonna be a parent. The child means something more to me."
" When I sell vape juice to a pregnant person, let me tell you. Okay, so it's not illegal to sell vape juice to a pregnant woman. It's not illegal to sell cigarettes to a pregnant woman. It's not illegal to sell anything to a pregnant woman if she's over the age of 21. If she's a fucking teen mom, that's a different story. But if she's over 21, she can buy whatever she wants. Whatever she puts in her body while pregnant is not my fucking, not my obligation to prevent. Right? And me as a moral person, what I do it, the answer is yeah, because, right? If she vapes as a mom, chances are she's not going to be that precise of a mom figure, and the kid's going to be raised to be a dipshit anyway. So might as well have the vape be the excuse of why he's a dipshit, not the shitty parenting. So if a mom wants to drink smoke or fucking do vapes during a pregnancy, I'm not going to prevent this. I already got a very unenthusiastic. My throat is on fire right now. Fucking hurts like a bitch. I already made my event about sore throats. I didn't get any fucking views, but it doesn't matter because that video sucked in this video sucks. I'm sorry, but I got to get paid anyway. See ya."
" So I'm going to jump on this trend and give you three things that I would avoid given my knowledge of medicine. So the first thing I would avoid is vaping. So vaping has not been around for that long, so we don't know the long term effects of it. However, what we do know is that nicotine is highly addictive and it's not good for your heart. The other thing we know is that there have been some vaping associated lung in threes, so it's just best to avoid. The second thing that I would avoid is popping a pimple in this area of the face, which is called the triangle of death. And the reason it's called that is because infections from this area of the face can more easily travel to the brain given their shared blood supplies, so don't pop pimples there. And then the last thing I would avoid is getting pregnant. So for much human history, pregnancy and childbirth was super dangerous with a 1 to 2% mortality rate. Obviously it's a lot more safe now, but it is still one of the most dangerous things that women can do."
" I am 6 p.m. Super nauseous this morning. I'm drinking coffee because I'm really tired and I need to get ready for a great scene or all that. Even this next door I want to throw out. I obviously have a, and I hate it like, once I was in a house and that made me really want to throw out. So I'm hopeful with good science. Last night I cramped off and on. Like my users was cramped at my period is doing 9 days. So I'm hopeful these are all good science. I will see. That's it."
" I have been baked free since August 2023. It is now January 2024. I'm very proud of myself for that, okay? I honestly never thought that I was gonna be able to live without that shit, but it was a rough couple weeks. I'm glad I got past it, but why didn't any of y'all tell me that I was gonna gain weight? I'm actually like so sad about it because in the beginning of summer, I was the lowest weight that I had ever been since having my son. I felt the most like myself. I was finally like fitting into my pre-pregnancy clothing. I was feeling really good and I quit vaping and now I've gained like 10 pounds. The body dysmorphia that I have, I'm just gonna be real since having my son is really hard. I'm trying to work through it. It's really hard to see your body change so much after you have a child. So anyway, I guess just so y'all know if you quit vaping, you're gonna gain. You're gonna gain a little bit of happy weight because nobody told me that."
" The scenes were about to show you shocked us when we saw them and many viewers may feel the same way. It shows a vape being put into a baby's mouth and the infant breathing out smoke. Health experts have been rocked by what they've seen while police say they're investigating. His only 11 months old has his teenage mum watches on smiling. The infant's aunt gives him the vape smoke, pouring from his tiny nostrils. In the background, his care appears to see a funny side of this sinister act. The video was posted to social media attracting hundreds of angry comments locals on the New South Wales Mid-North coast. I don't want to see it. Just as furious. It's terrible. Everyone can't believe it. You know, just what would you give a young baby a vape? The scar's saying I can't believe this. Seven users disguising the identity of the baby and his mother for legal reasons."
" Great question. If you're smoking a pack a day, it really can decrease your supply. So you want to cut back a little bit if you can. Now because nicotine kind of sticks to our skin, your best bet would be to breastfeed the baby before you smoke. Go outside, put on like a smoking jacket, a flannel shirt, something like that. Smoke the cigarette, leave the jacket outside, come back in, any of the skin that was exposed to the nicotine, you're going to wash with soap and water before you hold the baby again. We all have coping mechanisms that we've developed to deal with our stress or other things in life. So maybe you can replace some of those smoking sessions with a hobby, maybe read a book, maybe take a walk, find something that you can do that's going to be more beneficial for you and might not interfere with breastfeeding during this time."
" So I'd like to start a conversation about this topic right here. I am pregnant. I do have my medical card. I have not been using the benefits of my medical card because they've been a little bit iffy. But this came up. Let's talk about it. So I did know this little fact right here. It can stay in your breast milk for up to six days. This was the most mind blowing fact that I read in the entire article. Almost 1% can end up in breast milk. Are we really concerned with 1%? I didn't know this one. It can slow your milk production. These two facts here came from surveys that were filled out by parents who said that they had exposure to the active ingredient. It could alter the brain in subtle ways, whatever that means, and that the kids were more easily fatigued and had poor sucking skills. This was a few dinnabress feed. They're worried about secondhand smoke. But what if it's an edible? There's no smoke. What are your thoughts?"
" The scenes were about to show you shocked us when we saw them and many viewers may feel the same way. It shows a vape being put into a baby's mouth and the infant breathing out smoke. Health experts have been rocked by what they've seen while police say they're investigating. His only 11 months old has his teenage mum watches on smiling. The infant's aunt gives him the vape smoke pouring from his tiny nostrils. In the background, his carer appears to see a funny side of this sinister act. The video was posted to social media attracting hundreds of angry comments."
" Well the time has come for me to finally put down the vape and try to kick my nicotine addiction. I only set out ever quit if I ended up getting pregnant. But the thing is, I'm currently in the process of looking for new ways to make money and I've got to make my current existing bank account stretched. So it's either that or bud. And I think bud's the healthier option. I'm not letting go of that right now. So goodbye nicotine. If I'm irritable for the next few days, just ignore me. It's I'm withdrawing."
Who was interested first? Who said I love you first? Who's more protective? Who cleans more? Who eats the most? Who spends the most money? Who is most likely to start an argument? Who falls asleep first? Who is more annoying? Who loves the hardest?
" smokers, how did you overcome your addiction to cigarettes? So it all started with my mother. She smoked most of her life. She definitely didn't let up when she was pregnant with me. I was born under weight, as is typical. I was breastfed, and when she tried to wean me, I started having startling symptoms. Shaking, screening. She thought I was having a seizure. Dr. Sada was going through nicotine withdrawal as a baby. I was jonesing for my nicotine fixed to the point I'd bully my younger brother off the honker. I got at least a good two solid years of breastfeeding, monopolizing it to the point where my mom got so sick of breastfeeding that she took my brother off early. Smoking was in the house constantly. I always wanted to sit by mommy when she smoked. The fumes were a part of my life. I started officially smoking at 12. All my friends coughing? Evan Casuals, I ripped the filters off because that's how mommy do. I moved on from those Virginia slums to Marborough with the filters ripped off. By the time I was 16, I decided to come out with my habit to my mother because I figured only an idiot couldn't tell I was a smoker. I mean, she could even snow it because of the brand change. Well, she cried, yelled and I was just staring at her dump-founded. She tried her best to make me feel like a worthless, weak piece of crap for picking up this habit that she tried so hard to shield me from and that she raised me better."
" There's some things you have to give up when you get pregnant. Obviously, you can't drink and you can't smoke. I had no idea about this one. You can't take hot baths or getting a hot tub. Didn't have any idea about, you can't get tattoos. You can't take medicine. You can't take like nightquill or anything like that. And the only pain killer you can take is like Tylenol. And they don't even recommend that. You can't eat deli meat or raw fish. So no sushi. You can't get filler. You can't get lip filler. You can't get Botox. You can't do any fun stuff like roller coasters, horseback riding. You can't jump on a trampoline. You can't sleep on your stomach. And you can't sleep on your back in the last trimester. Early's that's what they say."
" I literally tried to stop smoking like a million times. I mean, I succeeded once. I'm almost stupid, ladies. I picked up a cigarette with a friend. And that was the end of it. This time I was pregnant. And it was my first pregnancy. And it was so sick. And I was sick of my other two, but cigarettes never bothered me. Actually, they helped me in a cell, which is bad, because I didn't quit smoking. It's my first two hormones. Actually, I quit smoking for my first pregnancy. Then I started to get in a胎,胎 strena, because I was really, really, really, really getting sick at the point. But I didn't like it. This time I was sick, I was having to get a huge concert in the Auzanzo program. I was using RSO and Frauer on top of my cell phone. And I was just so sick. So it helped this time."
Says I gotta make this video because obviously people don't know how to read that's my sister in the video I don't smoke I'm the one who's pregnant not my sister That's my gender reveal my tip-talk so if people have a fucking problem with her smoking Then she's not pregnant then go ahead and keep commenting But you guys obviously don't even know what you're talking about to even say anything I'm the one who's pregnant and I don't smoke and I wasn't in the video It's my mom my fiance and my sister in the video
" Okay, not that I feel like I need to defend myself here, however, making a funny video about having an aversion to something I used to love before being pregnant doesn't mean I'm a bad mom or being an unhealthy pregnant person drinking under 200 milligrams of caffeine in one day while pregnant is not the equivalent to smoking. I'm sorry, but this is not supportive of women. This is not women supporting women. This is like trashing me for craving a decaffeinated coffee. And then they proceeded to say that American doctors are the only ones saying that we should be allowed to have a certain amount of caffeine every day while pregnant. But if my doctor clears me and I'm healthy and my baby's healthy and we have no issues, I'm getting a regular medium-sized coffee once a week. I think that's okay. And that's my opinion and you have your opinion."
" Many of you who watched my pump and dump video were asking me to spend a few minutes talking about the effects of a cigarette or smoking if you're also feeding your baby from your body. I'm going to go first and say it's never a good idea to be a smoker and feed your baby from your body, but it's also never a good idea to be a smoker and not feed your baby from your body. The challenge is it will be on your skin, it will be in your hair, even when you shower, it off gases and your baby will be exposed to it. The biggest concern I have is whether or not it's something that you're doing socially when you go out and you're having a drink or two or if it's something you're doing on an ongoing basis. So I'm going to put together a few slides and add them right here."
" I'm making this video for Lady Knight because it's too much to make the comments on her page. This is specifically for the 20-year-old who keeps bashing you because they clearly have never been pregnant and they clearly don't do their research beyond what they see on TV and what they feel like watching and researching. Scholar.google.com is much more reliable than Google.com. Have them type in nicotine pregnancy in. Third one down is particularly my favorite. I'm going to show you a paragraph from that. Everybody pause and read before we continue to bash the pregnant mother who is trying. When my eldest was born prematurely, she was right next to a little beautiful little girl who was addicted to crack and her mother still didn't want to quit. They know what tends to quit. And I still think about Molly Skye out of the Albany Nikki every day wondering if she's okay. Stop bashing mothers who actually try."
" Do I have more energy after quitting smoking weed? Short answer no. When you smoke weed chronically every day for like 10 plus years like I did, every time you sleep like your body is resting but your mind is not. Like when I smoked I would never have dreams I would just black out. And when you dream that's a sign that you're getting good restorative REM sleep. And now that I'm not smoking I'm having the most intense, vivid wild dreams like pregnancy dreams. And I'm so extremely tired like I want to sleep until 12. I want to take an nap during the day. And I think that's because my brain is trying to make up for all that restorative REM sleep that I wasn't getting the past 10 years. So now I'm like overloading on it now."
" I want to touch base again about second hand and third hand smoke because it's come up a bit more frequently recently. I've had a few people asking first how do you identify it? Well second hand smoke is what you can see people expelling. So when you walk through a cloud after someone has has exhaled after they've had a cigarette or been vaping, then that's you being exposed to the second hand smoke. Third hand smoke is more subtle. It's what lands on our clothes in our hair, on our faces everywhere, everywhere. Generally speaking you can smell it although with vapor you can't smell it all the time or it doesn't smell like a toxin but it is still dangerous. If someone's in a room and they're vaping and you walk into the room even after the cloud has dissipated but you hug them or you touch them or you do anything with them then they're being exposed. You are being exposed to third hand smoke and babies don't have the ability to get up and walk away. They don't have the ability to do anything for themselves and so if your friends and family are coming over and they're saying they're just vaping it's not a big deal to do that in the house it's not gonna hurt anybody. Yes it is it's just like them having a cigarette in the house. All of that is equally dangerous and if they don't like that well this is your baby you get to write the rules and if they don't like it then that's their problem not yours."
You understand that that's super condescending right? Like thanks for your pity I guess but like what dude? Are you aware by chance that quitting smoking cigarettes has the same withdrawal effects on your fetus as quitting opiates? Like quitting cold turkey could just kill my baby. And just like people on opiates get maintenance medication to help them taper down so their baby doesn't die. The same goes for cigarettes. You're supposed to taper yourself down instead of just quitting cold turkey. So I went from smoking like a pack and a half a day to now I smoke a pack every like two to three days and I'm continuing to taper down from there. So I'm not ashamed I'm doing what I can to fix the situation. And for the record I did try to quit smoking before I got pregnant. I was vaping and cutting down my nicotine content or whatever but then I fucking ran out of pods and couldn't find them again. So I went back to cigarettes and then I got pregnant and was like well fuck and baby super healthy so far so.
" It can be a habit we're trying to break, but it's still better to breastfeed if you're a smoker than to not breastfeed because you're going to have some reductions for things like respiratory infections and sids if you breastfeed and if you're smoking and formula feeding you won't have the extra benefits. First, make sure you have a smoking shirt. Keep your shirt outside and after you quit smoking go ahead and take that shirt off before you come back in the house. It contains one of those things that likes to stick to our skin. So every place that was exposed you want to wash with soap and water before you hold your baby. Try to cut back smoking more than 10 cigarettes a day is going to affect your supply. You evaluate why you're smoking. Lots of times it's a stress reliever, finds out that you might be able to replace that with. That's a little bit more healthy and will give you more time with your baby."
" My friend is upset that she is impregnant, and I'm so extremely glad. My 22 female, friend, 21 female, is convinced that she is emotionally ready for a child. She cries every time she gets a negative test or her period despite being on birth control. She wants to be pregnant and have a baby so bad but she is so extremely ill-equipped and is so much more maturing to do before she's ready. Firstly, her boyfriend of a few months isn't even ready. Secondly, she doesn't even have a job right now. She's doing interviews but hasn't actually gotten a job and it's been almost a month since she quit her last. She has three pets that she occasionally forgets about. She doesn't clean up after herself after preparing food. When she has a job, all she does is eat fast food. She vapes and drinks, which obviously you shouldn't do if you plan to become pregnant. She is emotionally unstable and struggles with communication and boundaries. And yet, she is convinced and has expressed to me on several occasions that she feels extremely ready for having a baby, not raising kids, having a baby. I've expressed that she may be severely underestimating the sacrifice and lifestyle changes. She said I've helped with my nephews before. I'm distraught at how she underestimates being solely responsible for a fragile little human. But every single time that she texts me upset because she got her period, I rejoice a little."
" And anybody who's ever tried to quit knows exactly what I'm talking about. It is the hardest thing you will ever do in your life. And people who've never smoked just don't get that. It's like my wife goes, I understand why you just don't quit. They'll just put them down and quit and I go, baby, I am trying. It is hard. I'm sorry, Bill. I don't understand why you just don't quit. And I go, all right, why don't you quit yelling? But as you can't. And I've tried everything. I've tried the..."
" Hey y'all, so I came on here to chat for a little bit. I never get on TikTok talking, but I'm on day three of quitting this saw. And I'm gonna come on here and kind of talk about why I'm doing it. Maybe get some accountability and tell you how I've been feeling. So day one through three. Day one wasn't really anything besides just like keeping my... Like cravings that day because I was really having cravings just more so keeping that routine away. Like naturally wanting to get up to do that because that's what I've always done type situation. And I would say that's probably a lot of the past couple of days. Now that we've hit day three, we're still in the morning so I can't really talk too much. Last night I was pretty irritable, pretty tired, got annoyed really easily, but I journaled, tried to get my crap together. And then we woke up this morning. I don't feel as bad as like the first day, but definitely got some steps to go. So I just kind of wanted to document my hearing now. I've already lost 10 pounds. Okay, in a matter of three days I've lost 10 pounds. So wait, it's falling off me because I'm not eating much because you know, who has an appetite. I'm like a little way, baby, I can't eat unless I smoke. So here we are. So yeah, let's see where this goes and I'll keep you updated."
" This comment, I've seen it a lot. I've seen it on my lives, and now it's coming to my TikToks. Do something with yourselves people. I am not the only person that smokes while pregnant. I'm gonna admit it. I was vaping. I vaped to quit smoking. My bad that I'm trying to better myself so I can take care of my child. It's actually funny how people don't know the story of how it's hard to quit smoking. And then they bash other people because they don't understand what it's like. I'm not bullying. I'm not harassing. I'm just saying, my OB told me, as long as I cut back, I'm fine. Because if I quit smoking, it will put my baby under so much stress that it could kill him. And right now with me being 31 weeks, I could have him early. And then there will be complications, not because of smoking, but because of the stress. So next time anybody wants to comment like this, you will be blocked. Because I'm not the only mother that smoked while they were pregnant. Tons of people out there that do it. My mother did it. My sister did it. My other sister did it. There's a lot of people out there. So I know I'm not the only one. I'm not getting is good. I'm saying that it is wrong for you to bash somebody because you don't know if they're trying to quit or not. You automatically assume I'm careless. I'm not careless. I do care. That's why I'm trying to quit. So next time you want to comment something like this? Know the story."
" Hi, it might not be acceptable to you, but a lot of doctors actually say it's okay for you to continue smoking when you're pregnant because it can cause too much stress for you and your baby and just slowly cut yourself down. I think the cigarettes are revolting, especially since I've been pregnant, they make me sick. My doctor says, okay, if I smoke a vape for a little bit and cut myself down, I did try the patches, but I have very sensitive skin and I had literal welts from trying the nicotine patches. And the weed thing, zo-fran is okay for you to take, but it's had studies done on it where it can cause birth defects in the first trimester. And I had all full morning sickness with Kinsley. My doctor already knew that I smoked marijuana because, you know, PTSD, bipolar, got some stuff going on up here. And he said that it was fine for me to use marijuana to eat."
" Since you picked the wrong bitch on the wrong day and I have a funeral in a visitation to go to the next two days, let me put Sean into something. I smoked with all my other children. My other children were late except for Mariah. I had her two days early because I asked them to induce me two days early. My latest was 10 days. That was with my first. My second was two days late. Erie was six days late. Mariah was two days early. She would have ran late. So if this one comes early, doing me a favor, doing me a favor, doing me a favor, because I have a bad hip. And I'm going to be needing surgery. And I no longer smoke obviously because I they because it's safer. It's the best. No, I know that. But it's a lot safer than lighting up a fucking cigarette every five fucking minutes. I don't do drugs. I do no drugs. I don't even smoke weed. I don't do none of that. I don't take any of the medications I'm supposed to because that's volume in X. It's supposed to be on those for the past four years. And here I am not on it. So on the babysitter thing, I have my mom. I have my mother-in-law. My mom's a state home wife who I trust with all my heart. Obviously it's my mother. My mother-in-law trust her. You know why? She's a licensed. Let me repeat it. Licensed daycare provider through the state. I don't not have a babysitter. It's who's going to take who and when? So I don't understand why you want to come on here and troll me on a really bad day. Might be something with you because there's nothing wrong with me besides I'm hurting for my best friend and her entire family. And yeah, so go ahead and I hope you step on a few thousand Legos today. Okay? Fuck you and get off my page."
" So for anybody who has seen yes, my vape and my videos, it knows that I am pregnant with my third baby. I am 13 weeks. Yes, I vape. Yes, I don't vape all the time. I'm slowly cutting myself down. Because quitting cold turkey, why being pregnant, can harm the baby more than just a little bit of nicotine. This is my second child. I vape with him while I was pregnant. He is almost three years old. He is perfectly fine. He was a perfect fine little baby when he came out. And if anybody has an issue with it, they can at least delete themselves off my page or write me and tell me. And then I can tell them to leave me alone or block them. Because vaping during your pregnancy does not harm you. And you should know who I'm talking to because she's only 18 with one baby and came at me for vaping."
" Okay, so this is actually something that I did talk to the lady at QTIP today about. If you're wondering what QTIP is, you can go watch my last video. But we were discussing vaping because she said a lot of people will actually switch over to vaping. The problem with that is that one, we still don't know exactly what chemicals are in them. Two, we don't know what the long-term effects of those chemicals are on even our own bodies. Let alone on pregnancy. Also, vaping contains a higher nicotine content than smoking. Therefore, it can actually make it harder to quit in the long run. So, I have considered it in the past. It is not something I'm interested in doing, especially after talking to the woman today, because I really just want to quit. I really just want to be done with it. I don't want to have that crutch anymore. So really, right now, it's just about finding rewards for myself, finding that positivity, finding that support. And I know I have so much of that here, and I love that. And you are one of those people that are definitely very supportive. Yeah, so do a little bit of research because they've actually done quite a bit of research more recently about this, and have definitely found that it is actually not any healthier. It actually may be worse for you possibly, but we don't know yet. And we won't know for a while, because it's still new. Anyway, thank you for your comment, because it did allow me to bring up the fact that that was something that we discussed today, and that research is showing that it is definitely not any safer and could possibly be more harmful. So, appreciate you. Thank you."
" So when people brought up the fact that there was obviously that device in Chris. Okay, so like my whole take on that is I Understand where she's coming from Buy it in some situations when the mom is vaping beforehand and like vaping a lot If you quit cold turkey when you find out you're pregnant that can cause so much harm to the Vidas Like is the same as like any type of substance Like it could cause a way more harm and Who knows like it could be a zero nicotine and she could be slowly going down so she's in harm the child Goods evil work and she could all she you guys don't know what her new traditions like What she's doing she could be taking excellent care of last she's just going down on the vaping right now Which is understandable because it does take a bit to quit With Jarls early bad and she's pregnant so she has all those hormones Just don't judge unless you're in the same situation"
" app while she was pregnant. She tried to claim that it was nicotine free. If you're gonna come at her for vaping regardless if it's nicotine free or not, like you might as well come out the whole world because I bet there's about like 85% of Americans and humans out there that have probably smoked while pregnant. I'm being one of them. Like when I was pregnant, I used to smoke. I probably smoked less because the smell and taste and I was always sick in my pregnancies. But did I still smoke? Can I still smoke? Because it's a fairly bad habit to quit. But who are you to judge her? And why do you care so much about what she's doing? Like, who cares? That's not your kid. You're not her. You're not her mommy. You're not under dad. Just leave the poor girl alone. Let her have her life, have her kid, let her be happy. Why do you care so much about her life?"
" Hey, what's up everyone? You see this right here? Smoking while pregnant is an extreme No, no Now if you're pregnant or about to get pregnant and you have issues with Getting rid of cigarettes see an acupuncturist right away because we have a special protocol that can treat smoking this acupressure points on the ear and the wrist as well as acupuncture points that can help you stop smoking so if you're struggling with smoking and You're about to get pregnant and are pregnant seeing acupuncturists right away and be well"
" If you can't give up smoking weed for eight months, you should not get pregnant. If you are not... So those two in the video, I agree with their saying, but there's exclusions. I did smoke air malprinicy. No, I'm not proud of it. Yes, I had to. I was chronically starving myself real bad. Like, I wouldn't be nothing during my whole pregnancy when I wasn't smoking. It wasn't because I was hungry, it wasn't because I was nauseous. I just had no appetite to eat anything. And I was starving my baby because I wouldn't eat nothing. So when I smoked, it gave me a little bit of, you know, the munchies, so I did eat. Some women just can't... I was hungry. Whether it's nausea, whether it's clamping, whether it's headaches, weed is beneficial for that. But if you're smoking just to get high, then yeah, that's the problem. But I was smoking because I couldn't feed my baby. I was starving both of us. And if I would have did that the whole eight months, we both would have probably died. So..."
" After certain age and you're not married you become biologically you're flat. I want to know what he's talking about Listen, if you maintain good health, right exercise workout eat right right That literally does better for your health when it comes to pregnancy and having kids Then someone who just sit around smoke weed or day and smoke cigarettes and just eat a bunch of snacks And it's just gaining weight being unhealthy, right? So maintaining good health plays a major part in it No woman is useless just because she reaches a certain age when it comes to having children. No woman is useless period I don't understand how you mean is coming up with these statistics and these scientific numbers and all of it is false And none of it makes any sense and also why are we listening to someone that look like you started vampire diaries with black eyeliner on his face? Y'all listening to this kind of guy Woman that going these podcasts is worse than a podcast or cuz you're giving attention enabling him"
" I really need a cigarette. I'm 10 weeks pregnant. I haven't smoked a cigarette in 5 weeks. I really need one. We'll want a day be okay. 50 years ago, when my late wife first found out that she was pregnant, her OB-GYN asked if she smoked. She said she did. He said, not if he want me as your doctor, and proceeded to cite the statistics about the differences in birth weight, fetal heart rate. Miscarriage rate and other pregnancy issues between smokers and non-smokers during pregnancy. He told her his job was to be sure both she and her unborn child remained healthy, in order to give that child the best chance at a healthy life. She never smoked another cigarette. I didn't say it was easy for her to quit, but it was important. And, at least for her, it was possible. Good luck with a healthy pregnancy and a healthy child."
" And anybody who's ever tried to quit knows exactly what I'm talking about. It is the hardest thing you will ever do in your life. And people who've never smoked just don't get that. It's like my wife goes, I understand why you just don't quit. They'll just put them down to quit and I go, baby, I am trying."
" Did you use the word smart? You graduated either the lowest or almost the lowest in your class. Don't ever use the word smart with me. Don't ever use that word. Oh, give me your name. Because you know what? There's nothing smart about you."
" Hearing someone say that their doctor told them to continue vaping and slowly wean off of it because it'll cause too much stress on the baby from withdrawal because they were smoking, they baped before, they got pregnant is honestly the craziest thing I've ever heard in my life. And if you're a doctor that says that please explain it to me because I just cannot wrap my head around why you would tell somebody that is pregnant to continue vaping and quit smoking cigarettes doing drugs and drinking alcohol because they're one in the same. Why is vaping the exception? How is vaping the exception? I just saying that out loud I can't stop vaping because it'll cause too much stress on my baby if I do. Sounds...in fucking sane like that is the wildest thing I've ever heard in my life because logic will tell you why would you tell them to stop doing any of the other things because it'll also cause stress to the baby and I just don't understand how vaping is the exception."
" So I recently stitched a video where I was talking about how I basically would never smoke while I'm pregnant and the arguing and the comments and the defending of smoking when you're pregnant is crazy. Like it's crazy. Again, I'm not here to judge. I'm not judging any woman that smokes or has smoked when they're pregnant. I'm not judging. I'm just saying it could never be me because to me the potential risk is not worth it. Okay, and any doctor that would tell me that it's okay for me to smoke while I'm pregnant, I'm finding a new doctor. Like I really don't be believing y'all when y'all say my doctor said I can smoke when I was pregnant. I need y'all to drop the receipts. I need to see the receipts because I've never seen or I mean I've only been pregnant once but I've never heard that like that doctors really be like giving y'all permission."
" So Reddit is just now realizing that Kristen Whitman is vaping through her pregnancy. And I've already made a video about this because before she like came out and said, yes, I still do that. She tried to say that she was using like a non-nicotine device and those still have formaldehyde in them. They're still not good for the development of the fetus. And now she's kind of okay, backtrack from that and been like, yeah, I am actually using the nicotine ones. First time I tried to bring this up, I got a lot of pushback because people are like, I smoke through my pregnancy or my mom smoked through my pregnancy and I'm fine. And a variation of comments of people saying they know someone or they themselves using nicotine throughout their pregnancy and thereby be was healthy and all of that. And that logic of better and not doing better just doesn't make sense to me because, yeah, back in the old days, people used to smoke packs and packs while pregnant women did. But in the old days, men could also be their wives and the wives, the cops wouldn't do anything if they called them. It was like, okay, we know that's wrong as a society now and we do better. So if you know better, you should do better. Yeah, but I don't think any OBGYN is going to be like, oh yeah, go ahead. Use it all all the time. Use it throughout your pregnancy. It won't affect anything because it will."
" The other day when we all went belly dancing, I saw some really disturbing behavior from Katie. I saw Jess and Katie smoking Oh My god, that's like the longest drag Yeah, I Cannot believe what I am seeing Smoking while pregnant is so wrong We We have to set up to what are the questions Katie's gonna direct us. We have to be ready for those questions It's not in your business. It is if you're my friend and you're my circle friends. You are my business good Someone who cares about you and obviously you don't have the right support system with Jess good Here's here's where it gets tricky though She already feels judged So it's gonna be hard for us to Convince her that it does come from caring the reason that we brought you guys here this barbecue is To ask you a question. Okay. Are you smoking? Am I smoking I take a drag here and there when I'm stressed, but I'm not like smoking smoking I'm not smoking during my pregnancy. I'm just taking a drag off Jessica cigarette here and there They would smoke you it doesn't matter the amount it still does damage don't walk her outside When she's feeling stress and light up with her. I appreciate Everything that everyone has said and I appreciate I just I can't get comfortable He ready to go yeah at this point we have to let him go I don't want to but I'll have to have a little faith that we did the best we can Hopefully something broke"
" I'm 17 weeks pregnant and tomorrow marks week 18 and tomorrow also marks 17 days of me being nicotine smokeless. Um, it's been sucking. For some context, I have been nicotine dependence since I was 11 years old when I first started smoking cigarettes. That's a whole other story, but I started smoking cigarettes at 11 years old. I am 22 and just now kicking the habit, hopefully, hopefully. The reason's taken me this long to quit. I never really had much incentive for quitting. I've tried a couple of times, quite a few times in the past, um, and I didn't have enough reason. I didn't care enough to quit. Uh, the only thing I cared about was that it cost a lot of money, but at the end of the day, I didn't really care that much. Um, the thing that gave me a reason was, you know, I have to take care of one of the person and right now we are sharing a vessel. So that's crazy. But as soon as I found out I was pregnant, I dropped down to 35 milligrams from 50 milligrams. Um, and then after that, to 25. And then for about four days, I just was vaping that elf bar. That zero milligrams just really tasty and it just helped me to get away from the habit of like pulling to your mouth, excuse me, and just hitting it. And it's, for the most part, been effective. I haven't touched anything since I threw away that elf bar because it was burnt up and gross. I haven't touched anything. I miss it. I miss it easily. I want something to vape. Hello babies. Hello. Me and one of us say hi. Hello. Come on. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Just a jerk. You can see her tan. But 17 days tomorrow, 16 today. And it sucks and it's hard. Hello. And I'm doing it for this guy. And hopefully, I'm done for good because nicotine is stupid. And I hope I can keep this up. So."
" I'm so awful at like keeping up with daily videos, but I'm still haven't given up. I'm quitting. Today is Day 6. I think? Yeah, in the catabee. I have smoked one of G cigarettes at night time. Uh-oh. Which, if I can at least just get in the habit of not smoking during the day, it's a little not smoking at work. I will consider that successful. Um. It sucks. It's so much worse than I thought it was going to be. I got a little nicotine free of vapes. It has like caffeine in it. I don't know. It kind of helps, but not really."
I've smoked cigarettes a lot of my life. I find the quit. I didn't want to quit People who have never been addicted anything never truly get it like oh my god. You quit smoking. You feel better? No No Love to shove your face through glass just for saying that and then smoke whatever's left on the other side That's that's how irritable I am right now about the fact that I can't smoke things
" So just to add another thing to the list of things that I'm changing about my lifestyle, I've decided to quit smoking. I feel nervous about even posting this because then I have to actually be accountable and like, oh, actually do it, but I'm going to post it because I want to declare that I'm going to quit smoking. I managed to avoid smoking when I was pregnant and then obviously when I lost my baby, I picked up smoking again. I actually just don't want to smoke anymore. Like something just switched to my mind, in my brain, and I don't know what. You have a cold right now, so I've reduced smoking whilst I've been sick. I actually just don't want to smoke anymore. So I quit."
I just destroyed my bakes because I learned the vape juice actually gets trapped in the mucus in my lungs. It was making me cough a lot so I got a lung reset. I could tell it was working immediately. My mucus got really loose. I coughed it all out and my lungs definitely feel cleaned out.
" Australian vapings changing in 2024, from the 1st of January, importing disposable vapes is being banned, even if they don't contain nicotine. That means things like this little guy will gradually be phased out. Expect them to be around a little while longer though. Shops can sell all their current stock, they just can't get new one shipped in. Things get tighter from the 1st of March though. From that date, there's a ban on importing non-therapeutic vapes, so unless you have a prescription, it's going to get difficult to get your hands on one. There'll also be tighter rules around who can sell vapes, what flavours and packaging they come with, and bans on making and promoting them."
" And there's many ways of ingesting We nowadays, so if you really need it and your dog cares about whatever you found your reasons for doing it, there's other ways of ingesting it. The slide smoking, which is like, right the worst way. And then like, I don't know, it's like when I see people argue about it, I just know there's just rolling up in a back with or a game or something, like they're not even taking like a healthy approach to it."
" The other day when we all went belly dancing, I saw some really disturbing behavior from Katie. I saw Jess and Katie smoking Oh My god, that's like the longest drag Yeah, I Cannot believe what I am seeing smoking while pregnant is so wrong We We have to set up to what are the questions Katie's gonna direct us we have to be ready for those questions It's not in your business. It is if you're my friend and you're my circle friends. You are my business good Someone who cares about you and obviously you don't have the right support system with Jess good Here's here's where it gets tricky though She already feels judged So it's gonna be hard for us to Convince her that it does come from caring the reason that we brought you guys here this barbecue is To ask you a question. Okay. Are you smoking? Am I smoking I take a drag here and there when I'm stressed, but I'm not like smoking smoking I'm not smoking during my pregnancy I'm just taking a drag off Jessica cigarette here and there They would smoke you it doesn't matter the amount it still does damage don't walk her outside When she's feeling stress and light up with her I appreciate Everything that everyone has said and I appreciate I just I can't get comfortable I just don't He ready to go. Yeah at this point We have to let him go I don't want to but I'll have to have a little faith that we did the best we can and hopefully something broke first"
