" Baping is fucking gross and probably the biggest turn off on the face of planet Earth. I would never, ever, ever date a girl who vapes all day. As in every morning you wake up she goes, oops, hold on honey, I need to hit my babe. She goes to the nightstand, grabs a babe. Okay, I'm good now. What do you need? Just think about how discussing that is and what happens when she gets pregnant. You don't have to learn to wean off the nicotine at some point if she wants to have my baby. Can't believe how common this is to. I'll be driving through my main campus, right? Every stop lie, I look to my left, I look to my right. These people are not even breathing air. Every single time they're just ripping a fat dome. That's all I see. To mention I wonder what the health effects are going to look like in 20, 30 years for that matter. I would never, ever, ever date a girl who vapes, that's fucking foul. And she's only in a lid until she's like 50 years old. Imagine bringing her back to your parents house too or something like that and then she goes, hold on, I gotta go to the bathroom, run to the bathroom, hit the dome, walks back out and just completely hides it from your parents. I don't want to wipe you like that. I don't want to grow up and like that nobody does. Just stop vaping and it's not that hard."
" On this episode of pregnancy cravings that replaced my vape, we have the hub of hub of hub. So I vape really heavy before I got pregnant. I literally stopped vaping the day I found out I was pregnant. Super inconvenient. If you're a vapor and you're trying to get pregnant, stop now because taking that pregnancy test finding out I was pregnant and dropping the vape, it was not a nice three weeks. It was not. It was not. But I'm telling you, I crave that sweet, dusty, fruity feeling in my mind. And my nose constantly. And so this was what I shared two days ago. This is what I'm sharing now. The blue bomb. So good. And I buy these packs on Amazon with all the flavors. This is like what you buy. Like gas stations by this. I've turned into a gas station. I buy the big family pack of this too. Like gas station by itself. Mmm. It's just pot."
This British tiktoker is under fire after being spotted vaping while pregnant. Eve Roberts posted a video of her dancing at a festival and holding a vape for which she received many criticizing comments. But Eve says she doesn't care. I don't care. Like I literally don't care. It's not harming my baby. There's no proof that vapes harm babies for a star. I know plenty of people that continue to vape. Eve advised her critics to get a life.
" Before I got pregnant I vaped like I vaped heavy and I loved my vape I loved everything about it So I need something to take the place of that oral fixation duh I'm addicted to these like I'm addicted to these specifically Orange ones I think they're tangerine and I don't just eat one I eat two at a time They're so good So when the tangerine are all gone, then I like to mix and match the other flavors So I have like a watermelon with an apple or whatever like if I only have one tangerine left I'll mix that with another flavor But the tangerine I like alone and then the watermelon and the apple I like to combine them It's really you know dealer's choice, but if you're gonna get on my boat. Oh, I also Really like these because I used to show cinnamon nicaret So these sometimes I But for the most part these and the sugar is not to me. I know but what do you want me to do? I'm not vaping"
" I see all these pregnant girls in their late. I'm craving McDonald's. I'm craving apple pie. Okay, at least you can eat it. We're not what my craving is. My fucking babe!"
" I'll show you guys You can hear me now, you'll show me I will be there when you go inside And make my stay my little shape But the brain I hear you roll, she hear you pop It's like what's up brain She talk too much But I still hear She a fool Oh like She a fool Oh like She a fool I don't see She a fool Oh like She a fool She a auch She a straggler She a jolly I'm sorry I didn't hear I'm sorry I... I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I don't know why you want You don't wait for She a watch you know about how She a video I'm not watch you leave I'm a little... Wu Kou, всю çalış presopotamus, Alutsche sl口looc"
" Bobert, Bobert, Bobert, say three times and she appears in security video from a weekend performance of Beetlejuice, where the congresswoman was kicked out of the theater for being disruptive. The DCPA, Sishu's vaping, Bobert's team denied that, said the haze was from fog machines in the show. That claim goes up in smoke when you see the video. The pregnant woman sitting behind Bobert told the Denver Post she asked her to stop vaping, and Bobert refused. Her one woman show continued, taking flash photos, raising her hands and dancing, often the only one clapping or standing up in the crowd. Bobert occasionally took a break from being disruptive to enjoy the company of her male companion. He briefly had a grasp on the situation before Usher's returned, and told Bobert she had to leave. The theater's incident reports as Bobert pulled the, don't you know who I am, card on the way out, appearing to give theater employees the single finger salute."
" First of all, I got you, baby. Let me tell you how God works. I'm off in the hospital because of my mother's illness. And before I ran to another hospital, I was like, let me catch up on my messages and let me look at some things that are incomplete that I was working on. One of them was revamping my website, discussing vaping cessation because there's so much new information than I found your message. You see what I'm saying? Listen, if you live in one of the station, I'm licensed, Illinois, Indiana, Montana, New York, or Nevada, I will serve you for free. Hit me over on Instagram. And the only thing I'm going to offer you my love is that we have a beautiful baby. You can name the baby test. And just give me a testimony on the website. God bless you dear. God works in the stairs, waiting, God take. I'll take."
" So today's my first day not vaping and I am craving to hit my vape very bad. First off I got this hair tie. When I start craving, I do the still up my brain mate associate the craving of vape with pain. I got my quick kit. I got these. My lip gloss is from my hand and mouth fixation. Bubble gum. The vape I smoked was strawberry apenicolata so this was the closest thing I could find to it. Now I have these dumb dumb suckers and I have a straw. It's just a straw. Just I thought it might help. I literally want to hit my vape so bad there's no vapes in the house. And I got my most much support water bottle. I also had a straw. And I also packed my husband one too. It's hair tie. I put chapstick in his. And I got some dumb suckers. The other half of my straw. Yum. Wish us luck and I'll keep you updated."
" Now that I'm pregnant, that means I officially have to stop vaping and I don't know how I'm gonna do it, but step one is getting rid of all of the vapes in the house, so let's go do that. I do bedding, bedding, bedding, bedding, bedding, bedding, bedding, bedding, bedding, bedding. That was like a little egg hunt. Um, I didn't think it was gonna be this bad, but that's pretty embarrassing. And what's even worse is I literally want to hit them right now. To see which one's still up to the set map! But I'm not going to. So here's today one, I guess."
" And I learned to check party affiliations. Who are you going to date? You learned to check party affiliations before going out on a date. So you didn't learn that you shouldn't vape in front of a pregnant woman in a crowded theater. You didn't learn that you shouldn't be disruptive during a public performance in a public area. You didn't learn that you shouldn't grow your dates, genitals, and a theater full of families. You learned to check party affiliation. So what does that mean that if he was a Republican, it would have been okay to massage his junk in a theater full of families? You're trying to pass blame on your shitty behavior on to somebody else's political affiliation. You're trying to spin this to make it look like you weren't a complete horses ass. And somebody who doesn't live by the standards that they want other people to live by. You're a joke, you're embarrassment on our Congress, and you're a stain to the seat you hold."
" On this episode of pregnancy cravings that replaced my vape. I'm like not doing well today. I don't feel good, but when I got pregnant with Cooper, I was vaping. I'm a dual girl. I love the dual. So before I obviously vaped or jeweled, I was smoking cigarettes. My boyfriend don't like me smoking cigarettes so I was trying to transition just to only the vape. I know they're both girls, whatever. The instant I had found out that I was pregnant, number one, I was extremely hungover, so I hadn't used my vape at all that morning. But then when I got the positive pregnancy test, I just immediately threw it away. Didn't even think twice about it. Let me tell you the week that online, the month, the first month, I thought my vape and without drinking all the time like I used to, it was fucking hard. But like for me, I wasn't into like the fruity vapes, but this is fucking genius. The hubbubbushit that should ask for on our video."
" All of the diamonds that mark by your beach Beach Yeah, that's how I sound when I hear Hands on the flow, hands Go put your hands on the flow Hands on the flow, three points, hands on the flow Hands on the flow, hands on the flow"
" This bitch is my recital. I think it's very vital to rock around. That's right. On top of tricky. It's the type of guy. There we go. It's tricky to rock around. To rock around. That's right. On time is tricky. It's tricky. Tricky. Tricky. It's tricky. It's tricky to rock around. To rock around. That's right. On time is tricky. Put your, put your tricky. Tricky. I met this little girlie. Her hair was kind of curly. We're two or a house and..."
" All you have to know me, is how to make a coffee. All you've all liked me, is how to make a coffee. I'll see you in a bit. Coffee. Coffee. Natural coffee."
It's a car talk today. So I have been really nauseous and a lot of heartburn today. I have thrown up. I had to pull over on the way to work this morning to throw up and I threw up before I left the house twice. So for lunch I had Taco Bell. My fave is definitely not open with the nausea. It's definitely not gonna help with the heartburn but it definitely got me through lunch. So as for the nicotine craving it's pretty bad right now. I want to pick up something put it down. Hold my vape. I want to do something but I'm going to eat this mint life saver. See you tomorrow.
" On this episode of pregnancy cravings that replaced my vape, we just got done at home goods. I'm with my mom and we're going to be trying sour worms. A lot of people told me to try sour worms and this packaging just felt so right. My mom's never smoked a vape, but this is what a vape smells like. Again, passes the scent test. I can't believe she's going to eat these fruit with her hair. You can have one. You don't have to eat it all. Definitely only have one. Go ahead. Thank you. Eat it. Put it all in your mouth. You'll need to go away. And smell. It doesn't. I don't think it's worth it. Don't worth it. It's not worth it. It has to be this sour one, so guys. Rate it. For me, 8 out of 10. Three."
" On this episode of pregnancy cravings that replaced my vape, I still don't have the jolly ranchers yet They have not come but they are on the way when they come here We're gonna do it, but I have a special guest my husband and ex-vapor But he never vaped flavors. He only vaped the was it? Joe no, it's a backhoe flavor Tobacco, okay, but Since everyone said jolly ranchers like walkies For roll up jolly ranchers and we're gonna try and we're gonna see how we feel If this is replacing there's a very specific way you have to eat this, okay? You can open it. You don't have to open it a specific way. Oh, I got green. Oh No, I don't want green. Do you want green? I don't care. I don't know Green green is green apple and then there's water You have green You would think that's the all-around laugh. Okay, no water. I want this one. Okay, okay So this very specific way that you have to eat this. Okay, open it all the way Because this is how you have to this is how you identify if it's close to the vape used to hit my vape that had the Fruit flavors. Yeah, okay, so open it all the way. Oh, I can already tell by the smell now you have to go like this Take off the plastic And I have to go like this You have to smell it and see Okay, now Eat a piece and smell it at the same time like a vape Honestly, not bad. This isn't this isn't as good as the hubba-baba It's not But it's definitely the flavor flavor wise smell Smell wise it's winning How many out of ten what do you mean how many what? Rated out of ten oh, so I'm giving it a three Keep checking in from the Jolly Ranch update"
" On this episode of pregnancy cravings that have replaced my vape we're gonna be talking about The trident vibes the sour patch ones. No, I have not tried Jolly Ranchers during my pregnancy I can't believe I haven't thought about them But you best believe that I ordered a huge ass family pack on Amazon that will be arriving tomorrow And I can't wait. Okay back to these These are delicious. They also come in a blue flavor. I think blue raspberry The blue raspberry is great. This is what I found at the 7-Eleven But then and you know me I'm gonna eat two at a time because that's just my vibe Divine divine The crunch I mean we love a crunch Crunch and fruity their sour their sweet their everything meat Go buy these oh and the flavor lasts a really long time How this is done"
" Oh, guys. I don't know what it was like, printed all up. Where you going? Look at that picture. What? What? No. No. You're going to have a baby. Is it a baby? No. What? What are they? It's a dream. Oh, I'm like a son. No. I'm a little lost. You're going to walk. You're going to walk. Yeah, I'm going to have a sleeping walk. I know. I was wondering what's going on. I'm going to be a Grammy. I'm going to be a human Grammy."
" Thank you so much for your comment. This video has not shown up in my feed and so long. Guys, I have good news. Most of my virtual telehealth practices set up based on the different things that I have discussed with you guys. Therefore, we do have a vaping cessation program. When it comes down to pregnancy, I would definitely be working along with your OBGYN just to make sure everything we're doing, your doctor approves of. If you want to have some more information on it, just click on the link in my bio and go down to where it says mailing list. I think there may be a comment or something like that. Put it in the interest of vaping cessation. I will check it and I will get right back with you. Guys, we can do this. Okay, I love you guys. I'm here for you. Let's stop vaping."
" Ling, sir. La dream contacted Tried to have military service next week as an assistant of줵 꿈ker at V organization For the high school Team and boys As a resident Flying to Brighton captain India My name is"
Hey sweetie. What's that hanging out your pocket baby? Your vape? Okay where'd you get a vape from? Your dad gave it to you? Okay he bought it for you or he just gave it to you. He buys you one every other day they're disposable. Okay is it nicotine in it? Yeah okay how long can you miss smoking vapes or using vapes? I don't know what what do you do with them? How long can you be using vapes? Says she were 10 years old. Okay and what do they do for you? It just makes you look cool but you can't stop the very addicting. Yeah I can imagine especially if you have nicotine in it sweetie. Do you know that they're not good for you or you know that right? You do okay but you don't care. So how often do you use your vape all day long in between classes? When you use it in the restroom? Okay has any teacher singing with it? No okay. All right sweetie. Well there's a few things I want to tell you and I just I just don't feel like you should be using them okay. They're not good for you and it can cause long-term effects that I don't think. You're 12 years old baby and I don't feel like a vape is the best option for you. Are you do you use it because I know you said this because it looks cool and it's addicting now so you can't stop but I feel like there's other things that you could try baby outside of a vape. Like what? What do you like? Do you do you like sports? You like to have sex and drink alcohol. Baby who do you do these things with? You're dad?
" Checking into a hotel and realizing you're not put on the first floor is always so stressful Because you know a toddler's walk like the ground is made of stone and their archaeologist and they're trying to fucking find treasure in it with their little hammer feet I'm sorry, dude. I've been trying to keep her quiet But she's over here stomping she might be little but she identifies as fucking bigfoot bro She's loud as shit and I'm over here telling her walk quietly walk quietly If you were trying to tell a three-year-old to walk quietly she doesn't know what the fuck you mean She just stops and stares at you for a second and then continues doing what she was doing Okay, I try to tell her there was people underneath us and she's checking the bottom of her feet for people She thinks she's stepping on people now. She's confused. I'm stressed. I know you're not having a good time if you're in the room under us But neither are we okay? Anyways, if you're mad at me come up. I have this bag of peanuts. I've eaten like a handful out of it We can sit in the bathroom and share them It's my peace offering my peanut offering. I hope you're not allergic to them if you are a man up I don't know peanut allergies are fake anyways. I also saw a furry today for the first time Wow, and I didn't even have a vape I was stressed if you don't know my fucking hate furries and I think they should be bullied They scare me Okay, bye"
" Now when you get up to the school So we let them cheer for their hands And you and you wanna say it me They hit you, you better not say I was just out, now Now what's it worth it My I worked here, I put my butt down Here like we were hurts here I said black, black, black, black I said black, it's gonna be a black, black Cause if you hit me, I'ma hit black And if you tell on me, I did I said black, it's gonna be a black, black I said black, pick it, pick it, pick it, black, black Hey, I was called because apparently my son got in trouble Mr. Adams? Yeah Oh my goodness, what have you been teaching your son? What do you mean? The thing he got in trouble for, he said he got it from you What do you do? Your son was caught blowing vaping the school's bathroom What? My son doesn't fake? Are you sure? Come in sweetie Um, that's not my son I know, tell him your name My name is Vant Oh great one! Hey son, yeah? Why do you keep filling your test? Do I need to take your game away? But mommy, but what? The only test you ever passed was your pregnancy test Oh, but hey, you should have used Plan B"
" Jewels were distributed by the government to control the population if you're dumb enough to huff on something that looks like a flash drive you're dumb enough to die. Natural selection baby, let's go."
" We finally quit vaping. Woo! Yay! We finally quit vaping. I haven't vaped since the last video. Sorry I didn't update anybody. I've just been really busy working six days a week. And we finally quit vaping. So big shout out. I'm so happy to have quit. And yeah, currently six weeks today pregnant. I have Dr. Alpoim Monday to find figure out. Find the res... I can't fucking talk. For the results of my prenatal blood workup and my urine test, all that kind of stuff. And then hopefully, if those are really good, I get to get referred to an OBGYN. I'm taking prenatal vitamins. So there is the prenatal and then the multivitamin. The brand name is Nestle Matona. I googled best prenatal vitamins and these came up. I've been taking these since... You my hair is just greasy today, what the hell? Anyways, I just googled best prenatal vitamins and those came up so though. Okay, so I'll update you guys after my doctor's appointment."
" Whoa! comme a costum, They give to you. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious."
" Alright, back. This is, uh, my name's Dan. I used to be a tennis hubby. I was an adventure back, but I have got an Amazon Wishlist. I won't get you. Um, just made a mistake with the smunker, or as a cast, it was a smunker. I started smunking when she was, um, three months into college. The day I was in the smunker show, I won't ask if she started. I know a quarter of her. So I found she's pregnant. I went to some church. I don't know what one it is. Well, I asked her to find out. I just found a church thing, where they help people. They're pregnant women that are struggling with that smunker. Um, let's give you that. Let's give you that. Let's give you that. And there's a midwife who can just test. They can do it. I don't know if it's like, uh, I don't know what it is. I do a test on here. And, um, that level, that the smunker, the stuff has dropped down. She's on the bike. What a f**k I should do here. What the hell is that class?"
" Man, way back when there was a time when you couldn't catch anyone under the age of 30 Chief in a V8. Until one day at Vaporizer Laboratory, they were cooking up and made a flavor that would change the game forever. Cotton Candy Now this revolutionary flavor forced these grown-ass, 30-year-old men to take a good look in the mirror and ask themselves, Niamh, what do I look like as a grown-ass man sucking on this goddamn cotton candy stick? So they do what any responsible adult would do. They give it to their children, I mean shit, kids love cotton candy, all of a sudden businesses boom in for Vaporizer Laboratory so they start cooking up even harder. Boom, Sour Patch Kids Juice Boom, Apple Sauce Juice And Boom, Baby Food Juice These babies will be sucking that shit like a sudr. Kids' first words will be looking like... Y-Y-Y-Y-Y Oh my god, honey. Jackson's gonna say his first words. Yeah, let's hear it."
" And way back when there was a time when you couldn't catch anyone under the age of 30 Chief in a V8. Until one day at vaporizer laboratories they were cooking up and made a flavor that would change the game forever. Cotton Candy. Now this revolutionary flavor forced these grown-ass 30-year-old men to take a good look in the mirror and ask themselves, now what do I look like as a grown-ass man sucking on this goddamn cotton candy stick? So they do any responsible adult would do. They give it to their children, I mean shit kids love cotton candy. All of a sudden business is boomin' for vaporizer laboratories so they start cooking up even harder. Boom, sour patch kids juice. Boom, applesauce juice. And boom, baby food juice. These babies will be sucking that shit like a suather. Kids first words will be looking like, y-y-y-y-y-y. Oh my god, honey, Jackson's gonna say his first words. Yeah, let's hear it. Y-yo pops. Well let me blow my head off that 50-nick guava ice-che. Yo, just wait till they drop that breast milk flavor bro. Shit, these newborn babies won't even know what, hit em. They'll be returning customers for life which will probably be like 12 years max. Now the reason I say all this is to let you know that vaping not only intruded my high school years but also my years in middle school. I was first introduced to these bad boys at the right page of 13 and with a little bit of that good old peer pressure, I folded bro like, what was I supposed to do bro like, like not take the hit? Yeah, yeah no. No, I probably should not have taken the hit. But from that point on, I started doing a little dabbling you know, I mean as a 13 year old, there's only one answer to someone."
" Yeah, just still battling trying to stay off the vapes. It's been a war. I Had five days at one point and then I succeeded I succeeded To the union or whatever. I don't know what I succeeded to but I gave up and I just damn hit that bitch son And I've been on I've been on I've been on them, bro. God. I've been on them Dude you can mean If you wrote them vapes in here, dude Inside of it right out if you wrote if you wrote if you wrote vapes in here on the outside of a wishing well and You came there at night with a flashlight and look down in there I Be in there And I'd be damned is wishing for vapes"
" Wow! This ain't much budget, budget, essay, essay, essay, essay, essay, essay."
" Mom, I'm not messing with you. I'm pregnant. I swear on your life. So why are you vaping? So why are you vaping? If that's the case. Cause it's fine to vape when you're pregnant. No. Why?"
" I'm Kim Kardashian West. I'm a mother, millionaire,"
" Oh fuck. Oh fuck. Okay, do you have a towel? My water is fucking broke. Are you serious? Yes. Why would you take an Uber? Do you know how expensive an ambulance is? I need to call my husband. Wait, yeah call your husband, please. Oh my god. You're going the wrong way. Oh my god. You're gonna be fine. You're gonna be good. You want your coffee? No. What are your contractions at? I don't fucking know. I'm not paying attention to that. You love it. Why would you vape? What the fuck? I cannot help baby the weemer. Better than a fucking Honda. You're not even driving what's who he is. What is that, come food, just? You're just barking water. You have a sip? I just finished sip. Pull over. What are you talking about? Why don't we call him on the lawn? We can't call him on the lawn. What do you want me to do? No, just water everywhere. I don't have cold colors. Okay, just hurry up. Just come here. Oh god. What? Thanks. Yeah, I fucking shit myself, dude. What do you expect him having a fucking baby? Oh my god. Why the fuck are you just saying? What am I? What do you want me to do? You're ready to catch the baby. I need dummies. Yeah, it's four times. You're doing really good. I better get five stars. Holy shit. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. It's just coming. It's coming. It's coming. It's okay. It's okay. Wait a minute. What? I thought she said there's no sparkly water left. There wasn't."
" There will be a gender reveal party at the E-Liquid Center. Caleb will take a hit off his vaping pen and release a cloud of either blueberry blast or pink chewy candy to reveal the sex of the baby. I was looking at your wife's knobs, Frank. One looks a little bigger than the other. I'm just saying, that's how you know if it's a girl. Please know that Caleb's wife will be breastfeeding in public. Just not around Rocco, Ronnie, or Sal. Rocco, you going through the crazy horse tonight? Caleb and his wife have decided that the baby's name will be gender neutral. That's the baby's name, gender neutral. Frankie, how fucking stupid. You can't name your kid after Terry Bradshaw. It's got to be Frank or Francis. You want to make Grandma Craig?"
" I'm 37. Look I'm not baby, my baby. You got a baby in your belly? Yeah, look. So you told? Yeah, look."
" I love you anyway, you can twirl while you're asleep You recognize them tips, your body pocket, don't go to pocket I'm proud to call you my partner Go baby, go baby, go baby, go baby, go baby, go One, two, three, we got you, baby Don't step out, fight into the end Drag on, solve the problem She make it clap, clap, clap She make it clap, clap, clap"
" I'm in a pizza browser Danglou mama you is such a loser Okay, okay, you is such a loser Danglou mama you is such a loser"
I had a dream so big and loud I jumped so high I touched the clouds I had a dream so big and loud I jumped so high I touched the clouds I had a dream so big and loud I jumped so high I touched the clouds
" There's a video going viral at the moment on TikTok of a young mom who gave her 11-month-old evape and she's getting direct for the mod and I'm not going to add to that because TikTok has done a very fine job of that. I wonder how ever speak about and give perspective on what I feel and think about the adults and the people that she surrounds the self-worth. I'm hopeful that you will learn from this because it concerns me that you were so comfortable in posting this film. This video and that to me indicates that the adults in the room have failed you as well, have failed you in a way where they should have pulled you up and said actually that is not okay. TikTok shouldn't have had to tell you that the local news, it going viral should not have had to tell you that that's not okay because that is not okay. Let me tell you, I've got a seven-month-old child and if I gave my daughter a evape, I guarantee you I'd be waking up in the ICU. From just the people that I surround myself with, who know my children, I would not be making a video, that's for sure. I will be waking up wondering what the hell just happened because my family would not let that slide period. I just feel like I'm not deferring the blame to the ones in the room. I believe that everyone that's accountable to that video is accountable. Not only this young mom, but the people within the video or whoever allowed for this to happen because she, this young mom should not have been that comfortable in creating the video in the first place. I jumped on this because I was a teen mom at 17 and I'm a part of a group where there's 20,000 plus young moms here in Australia where we support each other and love the crap out of our children. And let me tell you, these young moms are absolutely amazing. We are not a part of the minority that create the stigma that we're unable to raise children that were babies raising babies. There are so many of them."
" Hi! So I don't know if anybody else did this while they were pregnant or... Geez. Or while you're pregnant, but I have been doing the same like nighttime routine. The last couple of weeks just like while it had been feeling better. Um, mama's... She likes to get ready and I'm wide with me. But um, I don't know how to do the cool editing on this app and like all that jazz. But um, I've been doing the same... I'm sorry, I read nighttime routine. And hopes of like setting a routine for the baby. Um, and not just like with my face but like with my body too. And um, I know that they say like don't... You okay? I know that they say like don't take super hot baths. So I don't take hot baths but I do take warm baths. Um, because I helped my muscles relax. And I have been using a melatonin body scrub because you can't take melatonin while you're pregnant. Um, but you can apply it topically. And yeah, don't like overdo it of course. But um, oh, also I use good molecules and this is the... Naya Sinamine, brightening toner. And this is the ultra hydrating facial oil. Um, so anyway, this is just a good night with me and um, this is Rodinfield Redefine. It's their eye cream. I love it. Um, and good morning. He also has one. It's like your, your, your, your, your Montet, I gel. I really like to get it too. Um, anyway, apparently he brain is like so real. If this video didn't like show that to you. Um, but also, here's like a body bump date. It is just the craziest thing to like look down and then syrothy, syrothy. So look down and be like, there's a whole human in there. And that crazy, like that's me is just insane. Anyway, then I'm gonna rub my belly with oatmeal lotion. And we're gonna go to sleep."
" I've seen a lot of weird things on TikTok, but none have been as weird as baby vapes. That's right, this TikTok, which is currently at 50 million views and 7 million likes, claims to show a product called my first vape. The product supposedly teaches, and I quote, how to make sick clouds for babies. So let's check out if this is real or not. There's two ways you could fact check this claim, either a reverse image search or a keyword search. Since this post was a slideshow, I was able to just hold down on this last slide and download it. Now I'm going to be honest, Google images is a little hard to use on the phone, so if you were really adamant about using this tool, I suggest you send it to your computer so you can easily use that search engine. When I use that search engine, I was sent to Amazon links of empty boxes that are intended to be pranks, and the My First Vape is included in one of those. I also saw posts from users who were joking about giving it to kids, and I saw posts from concerned users who believed it. You could also do a keyword search of My First Vape, and when I did that, a writer's article came up immediately. It confirmed that this is not a real product and that it's intended to be satire. In fact, it says that this is a reoccurring meme or something we like to call a zombie claim, and is intended to be funny. Thought whether this TikToker was fooled by the image or intended to shock viewers to get more interaction, it's always a good idea to double check your information, especially if something seems really weird, like baby toy vapes."
" Man, way back when there was a time when you couldn't catch anyone under the age of 30 Chief in a V8. Until one day at Vaporizer Laboratories, they were cooking up and made a flavor that would change the game forever. Cotton Candy Now this revolutionary flavor forced these grown-ass, 30-year-old men to take a good looking a mirror and ask themselves, Damn, what do I look like as a grown-ass man sucking on this goddamn cotton candy stick? So they do what any responsible adult would do. They give it to their children. I mean, shit. Kids love cotton candy. All of a sudden, business is boomin' for Vaporizer Laboratories so they start cooking up even harder. Boom, Sour Patch Kids Juice Boom, Apple Sauce Juice And boom, baby food juice. These babies will be sucking that shit like a suzer. Kids' first words will be looking like... Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y. Oh my God, honey. Jackson's gonna say his first words. Yeah, let's hear it. Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y. Yo, Pops. Well, let me blow my head off that 50-nick-wob ice-che. Yo, just wait till they drop that breast milk flavor, bro. Shit, these newborn babies won't even know what, hit them. They'll be returning customers for life, which... Which will probably be like... 12 years max. Now the reason I say all this is to let you know that vaping not only intruded my high school years, but also my years in middle school. I was first introduced to these bad boys at the right page of 13."
" Man, way back when there was a time when you couldn't catch anyone under the age of 30 Chief in a V8. Until one day at Vaporizer Laboratory, they were cooking up and made a flavor that would change the game forever. Cotton Candy Now this revolutionary flavor forced these grown-ass 30-year-old men to take a good look in the mirror and ask themselves, damn, what do I look like as a grown-ass man sucking on this goddamn cotton candy stick? So they do what any responsible adult would do. They give it to their children, I mean shit, kids love cotton candy. All of a sudden, businesses boom in for Vaporizer Laboratory so they start cooking up even harder. Boom, sour-patched kids juice. Boom, applesauce juice. And boom, baby food juice. These babies will be sucking that shit like a soldier. Kids' first words will be looking like Yo, oh my god, honey. Jackson's gonna say his first words. Yeah, let's hear it, yo. Yo, pops. Well let me blow my head off that 50-knit guava ice-gee. Yo, just wait till they drop that breast milk flavor bro. Shit, these newborn babies won't even know what, hit em. They'll be returning customers for life, which, which will probably be like 12 years max. Now the reason I say all this is to let you know that vaping not only intruded my high school years, but also my years in middle school."
" It's clear based on the comments on my video about whether marijuana is safe in pregnancy that people are eager to learn more, so let's talk about the nuances. But before that, I should state that shaming mothers has no role here. Coding marijuana after developing a dependence or addiction is no easy feat, and it's only made harder when mothers are made to feel the profound loneliness of shame. I think that shame ranks among the few truly senseless emotions, because it means rejecting someone for not being their best self, while seemingly denying that they could be, if only given the proper help. How could we possibly be working towards the good while less signing another person the fate of being bad? So no, although using marijuana in pregnancy has risks, it doesn't mean that you're a bad mother overall, or that you don't adore your kid. As I responded in some of the comments, this effect only exists on a population level, meaning that it won't be present or obvious in every case. As a third-year medical student, I once watched a maternal fetal medicine specialist explain to a young mother that her second term pregnancy was no longer viable due to a rare birth defect called syrinomilia. This is when the legs fuse together, not leaving room for the formation of critical organs like the outflow tracks. After a long pause, the doctor asked the mother if she felt responsible in some way, and she managed to gesture through her tears that yes, she felt that fault. I couldn't understand why that would be at first, which is why I'll never forget what the doctor said next. Paraphrasing, people can't stand something tragic happening for no reason at all, so often they invent one, and worst of all, they turn on themselves. Some others watching these videos turn instead for help. You tell the doctor that you're wanting the quit substance during pregnancy, then assuming that you have a minimally decent one, the response won't be judgment. It will be a pause and practical use for advice."
" I'm a national, I'm a national Go the right of my house, you gotta touch me I pick you with my baby, I'm a Saturday Call me to your crib, I'm a Saturday I pick you with my baby, I'm a Saturday Call me to your crib, I'm a Saturday"
" Oh, this really is a high school party. I see we're smoking. We're not smoking, we're vaping. What's the difference? Smoking is for losers. Vaping is for douchebags. Oh, I want to be a douchebag. Do you own 19 hats? I only have one, but it's a stucy hat with a flat rim. Have a seat. Oh, it's delightful. Oh, my God. Where there's smoke, there's just me vaping. Stewie, if mom and dad see you with that thing, no kill me, get rid of it. Oh, wait, it's awesome. Watch this. I'm not good at the football part. Yummy. Watch this. Like the movie The Ring. Awesome. Come back here, you. Get it, get it, get it, get it, get it. EWICWID, please. Anything that tastes like a fruit roll-up. Good, all good. All good. No worries. All good? Good, all good. Here you go. You good? You're good? All good here? Yep, we're good. Good, all good. This whole vaping thing was a very smart move. It tastes great, and I don't feel violently ill as long as some of this vapor is in my lungs. Plus, when you wake up at night shaking because you haven't had any in three hours, it's so easy to vape more. Hi, honey. Mommy needs money for scratches. What the... What kind of brazen fever is this? What you get this? Criss-griffin, you get in here. What is this? Um, robot penis? Seriously, I'm absolutely jonesing right now, so give it back. I know what this is. I'm not doing it. You are too young to be able to do it. Maybe it is, and he's just too young to hold up. But still we didn't get his hands out. I don't know, mom. I'm not my brother's keeper. It's a baby. Well, baby, they're stupid like that. I'm good. You walk round, mister. Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Oh, it tastes so good. Like skin berries. What am I alive with pleasure? Yeah! It's possible we've taken this too far. I'll just go down and get yours back. Mom, I need to talk to you. Technically, that was not my vape pen, but I do need it back because it belongs to a friend of mine. We accidentally switched jackets, not unlike that episode of the Brady Bunch when you break. Oh, damn it, Criss. Why do your lies have to take so damn long? You're smoking the vape pen? No, I'm sneaking a real cigarette, like frustrated mothers are supposed to do. You're such a hypocrite. At least vapin is healthy. Oh, don't be an idiot. vapin is just as bad and you look like a douchebag. No, I don't. I look cool. Go ahead. Hold it to your mouth. Oh my god. I am a douchebag. It's okay, Criss. Your secret's safe with me. Hmm?"
" So I just posted without me saying anything, didn't say anything, I posted a lower-in, a little clip of Lauren Bobert and this is what TikTok said. Removed for essay and services. TikTok censored the video of Congresswoman Lauren Bobert because it is too... Sags low. That's it."
" I'm sorry, but this Lauren Bobert story is so hilarious to me. There is just so much to unpack, but can we first start with this shady-ass daily male headline? Lauren Bobert finally apologizes for sleazy behavior that got her kicked out of Beatles' musical, blaming anxiety and her divorce, as 36-year-old grandma is slammed over fondling clip. Now, in case she missed it, there's a video that's come out. Lauren Bobert went to a Beatles' musical with her new boyfriend, and she was vaping, and this woman, this pregnant woman behind her was like telling her to stop, and apparently she was just like, no, you're sad and miserable. She denied vaping, but as you can see from the video, which TMZ so lovingly put into slow motion so we can truly capture the moment, she was absolutely vaping in the theater. But that's not even the funniest part to me. The pregnant woman is telling her, cut it out, and she's like, whatever, lady, get out. She's taking pictures with flash in the middle of the theater, and she's dancing. She really knows the Beatles' music. She is grue-vid. So then she gets kicked out of the theater by the usher, and of course, I'm sure she's not happy about it. So she has to pull her, like, do you know who I am thing? You're going to be sorry. I think she said she was going to call. I don't know who she said she was going to call, but they kick her out of the theater. I don't know why her boyfriend took so long to go, like, no, I'm going to kick that. You're going to. And on the way out, she's saying whatever, and she flips them the bird on the way out. So she issues this apology, which I'm sorry, the print is so small. She probably did that on purpose so people couldn't read it. You know, you could pause to read. But basically she said, like, you know, that she fell short of her values, and then she blamed, like, just going through, like, this divorce and anxiety. But my best part is she just was like, but it also could have just been the excitement of seeing a much anticipated production. Like, she loves Beatles' musical. I just don't understand why lie about it in the first place, because truthfully, if she had just been honest and been like, yeah, guys, sorry, I got caught vaping in the theater. I actually probably would have identified with her more. But no, instead you doubled down. You lied about it. Basically trying to make a pregnant woman look crazy. And then you get caught only because there's footage. And it's just like, if you're willing to lie about something as dumb as vaping in the theater, like, what else are you willing to lie about?"
" I'm 37. Look I'm not baby, my baby. You got a baby in your belly? Yeah, look. So you don't? Yeah, look. Look. Look."
" Ha ha ha. Boy, the Republicans are doing all kinds of contortions to validate Lauren Bober's behavior. We'll start out with Joey Manorino. The media is lying to you in creating a scandal for nothing. The original story about Lauren Bober was that she was removed for taking videos during a performance. No one in the story mentioned anything except recording, singing, and possibly vaping. Then the theater puts out infrared security footage effectively doxing the woman on her date. And now the media says Lauren was thrown out because people saw her and her date engaged in sex acts. One, if that sex you people are clearly unaware of what sex is. Two, no one saw anything because you literally never knew about that part until they released the infrared camera security camera footage. You know if the media had any word of that, it would have been the lead part of the headline. So clearly you're being lied to. I mean, are people seriously falling for this bullshit? Ha ha. Hard as a rock. So Democrat Rick comes in to save the day. One, she was vaping directly in front of a pregnant woman which she was. Two, she was rudely singing and dancing during the performance, disturbing other theater goers. This was not a participation musical. And three, she was sexualizing kids by giving a free, groping show. She literally was doing this in front of children. So was he? This conduct is so unbefitting of a postal worker, no less a sitting congresswoman. She has to go. But Democrat Rick isn't done yet. Oh, and number four, she was taking photos, which you're not allowed to do. Five, she lied about what she did and didn't do until the video was released. And then she apologized. You know, maybe if she hadn't traded the staff at the Buel Theatre as badly as she did, maybe they wouldn't have released that footage to the news station. But she's no friend of anybody, especially the arts. So she doesn't get the friends treatment. And this is a stain that will never wash off of her for the rest of her life, her career, her children's lives, her grandchildren's lives. When somebody mentions Lauren Bobert, they're going to talk about beetle juice, Bobert juice, Bobert juice, Bobert juice."
" The psychopath Lauren Bober. She was just kicked out of a performance of Beatle Juice for vaping, singing, and causing a disturbance. A pregnant woman sitting behind Bober asked her to stop vaping. Which Bober said, quote, no. What song is she singing? I've been picturing her like, Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! It's like if some like woman like came out of the woods, that's her being raised by wolves. I was like, I think I should be your elected official. Hey! The more important things are in the bottom. She's boogerin' I'm not a bad guy. Ma'am, you're a beatle juice. I'm dubbing the line. What the hell? Oxocottas? Yeah. Shurpey."
" Lauren Bober got kicked out of a Colorado theater for acting rowdy in the audience and I want to reflect on the fact that first of all that theater had more standards than the federal government when it comes to protecting the health, wellness and experience of everybody in that particular space because this is somebody who is shown that they do not care about the collective experience they only care about their own individualized experience and also they believe that the rules don't apply to them and that they should get to do whatever they want even if it's bringing harm so they're gonna vape in front of a pregnant woman in the audience they're going to take flash photography even though that's completely against the rules they're gonna dance and be rowdy even though that's distracting the performers and messing up the experience for the fellow audience members an audience thing is an action It's an agreement that you're all doing together and a Beyonce concert the expectation is that you're gonna dance and maybe be a little vocal But even there when they say everybody on mute you shut your mouth. There are standards"
" Telling my boyfriend I'm pregnant at a Mexican restaurant I'm going to buy my son. I'm going to buy him. And I'm going to buy him. I'm going to buy him. I'm going to buy him. I'm going to buy him. I'm going to buy him. I'm going to buy him. I'm going to buy him. I'm going to buy him. I'm going to buy him. I'm going to buy him. I'm going to buy him. I'm going to buy him. He's not... No more fucking nicotine. Please, no more nicotine baby. I recorded it. He's not recording?"
" Hey guys, I'm pregnant. Yay! Coming home. Coming home. What? I know what you did last summer. Hey, who got in there? Your son. I need you to take the trash out. What's wrong? I got caught vaping in school. vaping? Ooh boy, you're getting kidding. Wait, I just listened. Fine. Punishment later. Continue. So the teacher came into the bathroom. Then what? He said that I'm hit or you'll snitch. So did you let him use it? Dad, are you not listening? What? He wasn't talking about the date. Hey, what age? Ah, I'm going to go to the bathroom real quick. I don't want to hear a single noise, okay? I'll be back in a few seconds. Yo, I dare you to go sit on the teacher's chair. What? That's crazy talk. Oh, you scared? No. Okay, fine. Watch this. Look at me. I told you I wasn't scared. Day, you crazy. Everyone be quiet. The teacher's coming. Thank you, class. We're being so quiet. Yes, Mark was on your chair. Oh, great work."
That Spring Day A Beared Again молced A end Dipping Dipping Dipping M Audrey Had F Good Sick
" My problem with having a baby is that I have a baby. It's not about my baby. It's about everybody's baby. You feel me? Because I like to smoke. So if I enter my Latin friend lives his house and I bring a blunt and I smoke next to his baby, he's going to tell me, oh, it's all good. He can't hide all the time. So when I enter my friend's Eric's house with Fiona, I can't have any sort of thought of smoking 300 yards away. But when I'm with you know, with Tareka's baby, yo, that guy does his own taxes already. You feel me? He sparked me up when I come inside."
" I'm sending positive energy to mommy says mommy's twin. Anybody not sending positive energy to a pregnant woman, especially a chosen pregnant woman, will be reaping heavy karma and repercussions. Literally. Says mommy daddy play with me. Literally, what I baby kicking the ostumac, I can post a look. Literally, I can post some videos of the triplets move around. Literally, I'm ticked off so that way I can see the movement and stuff. Because they are way more active than I usually be. Literally, it says I slash with some proud of mommy and daddy. Daddy will be here when we arrive. Plan could have been significant. This pregnancy could have been planned or you could have planned your birth already. Says daddy's teaching us how to ride a bike or with teaching me how to ride a bike. Two years from now, you can want kids. Or you can be carrying kids two years from now. Literally. You know what mommy and daddy want to see in eight days. Oh."
I know I used to be crazy Messed up for God was it fun I know I used to be wild That's cause I used to be young Those wasted nights are not wasted I remember everyone I know I used to be crazy That's cause I used to be young You tell me time is not taking me That's fun and I'm going wild I know I used to be crazy That's cause I used to be young
" Vaping, ah, hate to be the one to break it to you but vaping is completely nonsense. Vaping has literally been shown to be an Indochron Disruptor. What that means is it completely misses with your hormones. Researchers show that vaping can drive your testosterone into the ground. You're literally sucking on a pin that makes you weak, like made with a hypocrystalline. It's not cool, don't vape, it lowers your testosterone, put down the vape, train hard and read."
" was young Jewel was a child person's name. So somebody said, you Jewel, I would be like, no, I'm the yo. And now you have the kids that got everything, you know, they got tiramisu flavored water malin, bro. Dog, when I was doing you had to hit that cigarette, baby, like a damn man. You know what I'm saying? You had this smoke or had this smoke and y'all got all kind of flavor. They got lasagna. They got everything, man. They got regular men. They got semen. They got menthol, peanut butter, bro. Everything, man."
" Out the pink Lamborghini just a race with China What the race? The China just a race? The China boomchash When you bitch, wishing mix with China Boom, big for China What the work's the China? I don't know what I'm thinking When you check, I don't check Must've done what to turn your goofy dog Powerful I'm so stupid I'm so stupid I'm so stupid"
" SPG Ron Ali, Kalandoor, Majin Klub, the team coming, go GO Gachaق SPilda, resigned Baby money D'Or"
" You know, just briefly, the inappropriate behaviour that Boba engaged in, apparently involved her being loud and refusing to stop vaping around a pregnant woman. Also, there was some fondling and light over the pants handstock which was caught on video. But again, I don't want to get into that too much, because in Italy, markets are dubious. That Maloney will be able to. It was Beetlejuice, by the way. That was the musical. Lauren Bogart was watching. It was a touring production of Beetlejuice The Musical. I just need you to know that. I'm not saying it'd be appropriate to engage in high school freshmen ear-a-hand stuff during a production of any musical, but I just wanted to be absolutely clear that this wasn't one of the more explicitly sexual ones, like spring awakening or rocky horror or cats. This was Beetlejuice. I show this quite loudly about death. I'm just saying, if you get your nipples tweaked and your pipes squeaked, you save that shit for Fiddler like a god damn adult. But again, it's an old story. It's been resolved. And it fundamentally doesn't matter. What matters is, in Italy, economic growth rates are causing some significant... Sorry, that it's just one more thing about Lauren Bogart. Reports say that after receiving a warning at intermission, the final complaint that letter to be kicked out came five minutes into act two. Now, if you don't know the show, that put us comfortably into that beautiful sound, a song where Beetlejuice and Lydia are gleefully taught to a series of visitors, including a Girl Scout, a Peter delivery person, and one of their neighbours. It's a song about how they like the sound of tortured screams. Is it the least sexy thing a person can sit through? No, that would be this, but it is up there. Anyway, as you've been escorted out of the theatre, she apparently said, do you know who I am? And I will be contacting the Mayor. Would you two just catastrophically bad decisions? If you've been caught for again, sexual activity during Beetlejuice, the musical, you would hope no one knew who you were and you definitely wouldn't want to immediately get on the phone with the Mayor to tell him what had just happened. And the thing is, sadly, this incident has now derailed me so much, I don't even have time to talk about it at least, economic struggles anymore. So, much like Lauren Bogart and the musical Beetlejuice, you'll never get to know how it all turns out."
" They like it. He's good off. Can I like you guys a picture of it? I appreciate you guys. No, I got you My name is the Marcus the Marcus. Yeah, well, this isn't your UJID Yeah, I got the updated version of some home on it. Okay. I got you I understand what you're saying right now, but there's a dime piece right behind you can I go back that real quick? Probably she's getting away. Hey Hey, I just got to ask so Yo Bradley man, that's my wife. So you're not under arrest at this point. You're being detained. Okay. What's your name? And date of birth man my trap name or like I wrote a Pears on your license my real name is Jay to the big guy and like the D is capital in lowercase Oh, and you know the second president's last name? I was Quincy Adams. So just drop Adams in there a D a.m. S. I'm a Sagittarius Don't know what that means. Oh, you don't know you don't know about signs. Oh, I'm the summer baby That's a big body. All right. I just can't go to jail like I just can't We're not talking about any jail. Are you a student or not? Yes or no? Oh, nobody will be soon. Okay, great now We're working somewhere. We just need to know what's going on Oh, we're just home otters when you're saying your home otters. Yeah, can you explain what that means? That means like we make sure there's no vaping or smoking or any crazy activity going on Okay, who gave you the permission to do that? God. Okay. God the God. Yeah. Okay. I'm a Christian this way I believe in God if we do"
" I need somebody to tell me what's going on with these kids right now right now I get a text from my daughter. She write me on all caps immediately. I'm thinking that this is unimportant because she's just a dramatic child She's like mommy mom today was crazy Curtis aka my friend and Cornell likes me first of all Why does Cornell expect me to not reject him? He literally uses a vape and he gets in trouble a lot. Why is that? My child is eight years old. She's in the third grade. Why are the children using vapes? Why are the children using vapes? Why do they have them in their possession at school in elementary school? In elementary school, we used to get expelled for cussing when I was a kid and y'all got whole vapes Baby, I don't fear God. Y'all don't fear God. Y'all don't fear nothing. I see what he's teachers leaving Baby, yo, you got an eight-year-old. That's that's out here smoking a pipe"
" Hey, Sam, I'm about to run to the grocery store real quick. Do you need anything warm out? Yeah, let me know. No! You get nothing! You always ask and expect. And I always give and give and give and I never receive. Okay, you don't have to give me anything. I'm fine. I'm fine, okay? You get nothing! Okay, I'll be back. Hey, I was called because apparently my son got in trouble. Mr. Adams? Yes. Oh my goodness. What have you been teaching your son? What do you mean? The thing he got in trouble for, he said he got it from you. What do you do? Your son was caught blowing vaping the school's bathroom. What? My son doesn't hate? Are you sure? Come in, sweetie. Um, that's not my son. I know. Tell him your name. My name is Vane. Oh, great news! Oh, my God. For me or like a suicide, uh-oh. Why are you here with us? Yeah. I went toar.org. Cool. No, what's that? I'm shipping him in a- Can you? Hey, are you here? Yeah, I just transferred from Clan Arnh. No way! We're in Boatwood to Coalition. Really? You went to monarch too? Yeah, we both did. Baby, you took a strong seat in the high."
" Kids toys you won't believe exist. These are just... Here we have babies first baby. This is all kinds of messed up. It even says on the box, babies baby is pregnant too. It's... Who thought of this? A widow? This is the worst thing I have ever seen. My first baby. Not my first steps. Not my first baby. Not my first chocolate bar. My first baby. What the Jesus. Poopy time fun shapes. Literally changes the shape of your child's poo. I don't know much to say on this one. It's just beyond... Kitty taser. Imagine a kid just running up to him and taser a new... What? Who thought of these? You have to explain yourself."
" Uh, Doctor, I can't take this pain anymore! If you take this pill, it will transfer the pain to the father. Really? Yeah. Baby, you always said you wish you could take my pain away. I did say that. Go ahead. I love you. Thank you! You're welcome. Ah, I feel so much better. You see, I told you I was really strong. I don't feel nothing. Aww, why am I so much pain? Oh, wait, what? You're so concerned about me, my life. Yo, son, I need you to take the trash out. What's wrong? I got caught vaping in school. Vaping? Ooh boy, you're kidding. Wait, I just listened. Fine. Punishment later, continue. So the teacher came into the bathroom. Then what? He said that I'm hit or he'll snitch. So did you let him use it? Dad, are you not listening? What? He wasn't talking about the vape. Hey, my name's... Hey, Dad. What's up? Say I. I. Now say I. Yeah. Say stew. Yum, I love your mom's stew. Finally say peed. Peed? Now say it all together. It's as fast. I am stew peed. I am stew peed. I am stupid. I'm taking you back to the adoption center. I'm going to break."
" You, who's, you fucking one of these people? Oh damn, you really fucking one of those goddamns! That's weird. Um, I need fucking musmuzz in. That I must, oh shit, if you have a baby right now, that video will do real mercy! God, dude, give it to me. Is this break the water or something? I'm thirsty, bro, fuck that! Now that's Lincoln Death, guys! That's really awesome. You know what, uh, sex the baby? I don't know, how to answer that question, but I was not a weird one. What, uh, sex? What sex the baby with? Thank you! Gender's on a spectrum! Boy, hell yeah, big day! Okay, guys, look, you know the name yet? Oh shit, you're gonna wait for it to come out? Look at the head, symbol. Do you have options? Oh shit, what are the options? You don't agree, that's okay? I'll fight him, which, uh, no I won't, you're so much bigger than me, I'm so sorry. What, um, what head would the one that you like start? Deathlin. Deathlin, cool, you're out! Deathlin, what is this, a vape shop? Deathlin, his ceiling is just making dream catchers for fuck's dogs. Like that's a fucking... No, no, no, no. Deathlin's good. What's the option for you? Colson? Colson? Alright, both of y'all fired, bro. Colson, your kid wants to have friends, bro!"
" The hand job bandit of Colorado is on the loose Lauren Bowbart has not been arrested yet Lauren Bowbart has not Resigned yet, but Lauren the hand job bandit is still on the run out in public In case you've been living under a rock Conservative she's so conservative because she wants everything to be buttoned up in the right way You're fucking nut job You're giving hand jobs while people are trying to enjoy a musical rendition of Beetle juice The iconic movie Beetle juice we can't watch Beetle juice without you jerkin Choking somebody's chicken and was that consensual? Was that a consensual hand job you were giving? I know it was dark, but I Didn't look like the guy was having a good time to me. That's neither here nor there. You're also vaping You're so conservative you you want what's right for the world? You're vaping while a pregnant woman said stop you animal. I'm pregnant We don't know if you're vaping we don't know we don't know if you're vaping nicotine We don't know what's in that vaping could be worse We don't know you you want what's right because you're so conservative you're queuing on whack job the hand job bandit of Colorado Lauren Bowbart Resign you fucking liar fraudulent bullshit artists fake conservative You're jerking people off while they're simply trying to enjoy a night out at the theater You're fucking nut job Resign"
" The hand job bandit of Colorado is on the loose. Lauren Bowbart has not been arrested yet. Lauren Bowbart has not resigned yet. But Lauren, the hand job bandit is still on the run out in public. In case you've been living under a rock conservative, she's so conservative because she wants everything to be buttoned up. In the right way, you're fucking nut job. You're giving hand jobs while people are trying to enjoy a musical rendition of Beetlejuice. The iconic movie Beetlejuice, we can't watch Beetlejuice without you. Jerkin, choking somebody's chicken. And was that consensual? Was that a consensual hand job you were giving? I know it was dark, but it didn't look like the guy was having a good time to me. That's neither here nor there. You're also vaping. You're so conservative. You want what's right for the world? You're vaping while the pregnant woman said, stop you animal, I'm pregnant. We don't know if you're vaping weed. We don't know. We don't know if you're vaping nicotine. We don't know what's in that vaping. Could be worse. We don't know. You want what's right because you're so conservative. You're queuing on whack job. The hand job bandit of Colorado, Lauren Bowbart resigned. You fucking liar, fraudulent, bullshit artist, fake conservative. You're jerking people off while they're simply trying to enjoy a night out at the theater. You fucking nut job. Resign."
" My first Lauren Bobert video got removed for violating community guidelines. I'm gonna keep it very clean. I think the situation with her and what happened with the live performance of Beelaljuice where she was caught on camera, you know, doing some public acts that were inappropriate with her partner. There was some inappropriate touching going on. You know around people that you know are, you know, young people. So that was inappropriate. She also was vaping in front of a pregnant woman who asked her to not vape in front of her. So here we have her Republican who claims to, you know, always be accusing LGBTQI plus people of being a threat to kids. Yet here she is being inappropriate in front of kids. Here's someone who is ardently pro-life. Yeah, here she is risking an unborn child's health with her vaping and then flipping people off in public. So Lauren Bobert, you are a perfect example of Republicans today."
" More facts are coming out. So let's go over what we know already. Lauren Bobert attended a show of Beetlejuice to Musical in Denver. A show that is rated for children 10 years old and up. Although Congresswoman Bobert is in the process of getting a divorce, she is not divorced yet. And she attended that show with a man who was not her husband. While at the show, aside from taking videos and flash photography and acting like a jackass and disturbing the other patrons, she also was vaping, vaping in front of a pregnant woman who asked her to stop and she said no. Now, I don't know what she was vaping, but in Colorado, cannabis use is legal. Also during the show, she and her escort were fumbling each other over their clothes. He was fumbling her chest, she was fumbling his crotch. And as they're being escorted out of the theater, Congresswoman Bobert gave the middle finger to the theater. Now, correct me if I'm wrong here, but so far I have not heard a single condemnation from the pro-life crowd for someone who is vaping in front of a pregnant woman. No condemnations from the evangelical Christians about her stepping out with a man who is not her husband while she's still married. And especially no condemnation from the, we must protect children from any sexuality crowd. And she was performing sex acts in a public space where children were present. The hypocrisy is mind-numbing."
" I am legitimately at a loss for words. As a lot of you have no doubt heard, Lauren Bovert was recently kicked out of a musical interpretation of Bealjuice. There's a kid show that kids can come and see kicked out for not only vaping in the audience, but getting full on hands on groping with the person she was with. She's rubbing his genitals, he's rubbing her breasts at a kid show. And when she was vaping, I mean a pregnant woman was sitting right behind her and asked her to please stop and she refused to do it. The only person that got kicked out of a kid show was a congresswoman. And Lauren Bovert barely won that election. And she said, I think she's like her, has no business holding a government position. Because people like her are the examples that we set when we choose to like people like this. And Colorado, you deserve better than someone like her. Because she's making, she's making your state look like an embarrassment. And right along with everyone else she represents. Because what is really sad is that, you know, the days of like John McCain and Mitt Romney, now he's on his way out like those days are gone. They're now being replaced with people like Lauren Bovert, Marjorie Taylor, Green, Ted Cruz, Matt Gates, it's an embarrassment. And of course, the right thing for Bovert to do would be to resign. But of course someone like her won't do it. Because she enjoys the title and the power too much. She doesn't care what she does. She doesn't care about the rep about who she represents. I mean, if she had a decent bone in her whole body, she would have actually been decent at a kid show and could even do that. Colorado, you deserve better. Our government deserves better. And so I just, for the district she represents, I beg you, please, for the love of God, when election time comes around again, get around the office. Fucking kid show."
" The hand job bandit of Colorado is on the loose. Lauren Bowbart has not been arrested yet. Lauren Bowbart has not resigned yet. But Lauren, the hand job bandit is still on the run out in public. In case you've been living under a rock conservative, she's so conservative because she wants everything to be buttoned up. In the right way, you're fucking nut job. You're giving hand jobs while people are trying to enjoy a musical rendition of Beetlejuice? The iconic movie Beetlejuice? We can't watch Beetlejuice without you jerking, choking somebody's chicken. And was that consensual? Was that a consensual hand job you were giving? I know it was dark, but it didn't look like the guy was having a good time to me. That's neither here nor there. You're also vaping. You're so conservative. You want what's right for the world? You're vaping while a pregnant woman said, stop you animal, I'm pregnant. We don't know if you're vaping weed. We don't know. We don't know if you're vaping nicotine. We don't know what's in that vaping. Could be worse. We don't know. You want what's right because you're so conservative. You're queuing on whack job. The hand job bandit of Colorado, Lauren Bowbart resigned. You fucking liar, fraudulent, bullshit artist, fake conservative. You're jerking people off while they're simply trying to enjoy a night out at the theater. You fucking nut job. Resign."
" Colorado representative Lauren Bobert was kicked out of a Denver theater for disruptive behavior. Bobert was continuously vaping, talking, taking flash photography, and even groating her date. Because nothing is more romantic than getting frisky at a family-friendly music hold during a divorce that isn't finalized yet. Bobert first denied ever vaping in the theater. That is until video surveillance showed massive clouds coming straight out of her mouth. Those pencil thin lips of hers can surprisingly blow. Smoke. And her far right pro-life agenda certainly wasn't concerned with the pregnant woman's health sitting directly behind her. The Republican rep has made claims that drag shows exploit children to sexual and obscene content. Meanwhile, she chose the children's performance of Beetlejuice as a place to beat it off. And in true hypocrite fashion after shaming gay bars, she went on the date with the dude who owns one. Stumbling out of the theater in her cheap stilettos, the congresswoman gave employees the middle finger all while shouting, do you know who I am? Which we all know is something only a drunk idiot would say."
" Let's talk about Lauren Bober. You can't make this stuff up. The politician, the US House of Representatives for Colorado, ultra right, railing against drag performers, calling us groomers, was caked out of beetle juice for not only being disruptive and obnoxious. Look at her, she's like really obnoxious. Not only get kicked out for vaping, after she denied it, which by the way, the woman behind her was pregnant and asked her to stop doing it. She just kept going. Also taken flash photography. Then the man she is with, but by the way is a Democrat who owns a bar that will host drag shows, is seen groping her. Look at that, look at that, he nasty. And she's seen giving him a little bit of a hand job. This is during beetle juice. I bought my kids to beetle juice. This is a family show, but where the problem? Drag queens are the problem. Where are the groomers? Where are the ones that are having a bad influence? Look at her tweets. She is hypocrite. Look at this tweet right here. My tweet about groomers only comes in third. I guess this means I have to tweet more about these sick, demented groomers some more. She's disgusting."
" Bobert, Bobert, Bobert, say three times and she appears in security video from a weekend performance of Beetlejuice, where the congresswoman was kicked out of the theater for being disruptive. The DCPA, Sishu's vaping, Bobert's team denied that, said the haze was from fog machines in the show. That claim goes up in smoke when you see the video. The pregnant woman sitting behind Bobert told the Denver Post she asked her to stop vaping and Bobert refused. Her one woman show continued, taking flash photos, raising her hands and dancing, often the only one clapping or standing up in the crowd. Bobert occasionally took a break from being disruptive to enjoy the company of her male companion. He briefly had a grasp on the situation before Usher's returned and told Bobert she had to leave. The theater's incident report says Bobert pulled the don't you know who I am, card on the way out, giving theater employees the single finger salute."
" Okay, she's absolutely right. So a sound of freedom just the sound of freedom just release so that everyone in the world will be aware of the human track of trafficking situation and the whole world is going to come together on this. It is the only way to get to one world order one world money. So one world money is the end to human trafficking because that stops their finances and the end to the drug cartel that stops their finances. This is why all these ships are being found. 814 kids rescued. Yada yada yada on and on and this is right. She's absolutely right. The next thing on the biblical timeline is the pretread rapture. So get right with God or get left behind. And the way you do this to get right with God is simple. You invite him into your heart. You know that God is your creator. Jesus came in the flesh to save you. He died and was crucified and rose again. He sits at the right hand of God the Father and the rapture is coming. It's the only thing next. Okay, so say your prayers. He's coming. Because before Jesus comes back for his people, the church. What happens is is nothing happens. He cannot let the antichrist loose until he will lose his church."
" Si Your Find is Difficult to get pregnant This Video is for you Like one of my followers commented What can she take to get pregnant? First of all, spam and not drugs Okay, it is spam that is responsible for making a human pregnant But there are some things you can do, that can help I'll be sharing with you things, you need to know If you really want to get pregnant A huwhazzi Mmmm, u' loj happened. A huwh strつwodAAAAw n�ísa ya-le 10 confusing conmari beze Ryu-an War Market khatbau wa- K inar tiao kun Halt your body for pregnancy. Second thing is meeting with your partner at the right time. A lot of people don't know when they are ovulating. They just meet with your partner without timing it. You can time it and get it right. Yes, try to meet with your partner where you are ovulating. This is the best time not after you have ovulated. Where you are ovulating it gives you a higher chance of being pregnant. Number three, avoid stress. As a lady stress can affect your menstrual sac, which can also make it difficult for you to conceive. So try to avoid stress. You also need to quit smoking, quit drinking if you take alcohol. And also as a way for medical checkup, go with your partner. So both of you can be checked, both of you can be examined. A lot of women go to the hospital for proper examination without going with their partner. And at the end of the day it might be their partner who just be stressing themselves out. So if you are going for checkup, go with your partner. And let me add this last one. You can also ask God for what you want through prayers. So when you pray, remember what He told us, where you ask you shall receive. So pray to Him, tell Him what you want. And He's going to give you that bundle of joy that you really, really want. Pray our works, okay? So don't give up."
" My boyfriend accidentally slapped me. For a little backstory, I recently found out I'm pregnant. I found out when I was only a few weeks along and quitting drinking and smoking all of a sudden has been difficult for me. Last night, my boyfriend and I were watching TV and I was laying down, he heard something that he though was me hitting his vape. He sat up quickly and slapped me in the face. He didn't hit me hard, it was the way you might swat a child's hand when they go to touch something they shouldn't. He has a young child but doesn't hit him, I was so surprised and I just started crying. He kept apologizing over and over and trying to comfort me, saying he didn't really mean to and he thought I was hurting our baby. I'd give this as relevant or I'm just making excuses, but he has told me that his axe was abusive toward him and it's something he's sensitive about. I never thought he would put his hands on me in any way and this has never happened to me before. I feel betrayed in a way and I feel a little bit scared. I just don't know what to do, is this something people can work through? Can anyone ever really hit someone by accident? Edit, everyone's really caught up on the word accident, I was shaking as I wrote this and obviously this is coming from my POV and feelings. It's hard to remember exactly what was said in that moment I was so overwhelmed. He did say something more like it was instinctual. That being said, I appreciate everyone pointing out how it being accidental or instinctual, the reaction is a red flag. I've talked to someone and I'm going to end things. Really, thank you everyone who left input. Maybe I sound stupid and naive I just never thought this would happen."
" Yeah, just still battling trying to stay off the vapes. It's been a war. I Had five days at one point and then I succeeded I succeeded To the union or whatever. I don't know what I succeeded to but I gave up and I just damn hit that bitch son And I've been on I've been on I've been on them, bro. God. I've been on them Dude you can mean If you wrote them vapes in here, dude Inside of it right out if you wrote if you wrote if you wrote vapes in here on the outside of a wishing well And you came there at night with a flashlight and look down in there I Be in there And I'd be damned is wishing for vapes"
" Yeah, yeah, that's true. See, all of this happened in full view of the security cameras. They're like smack in the middle of one of the field of view of the security cameras. Like, this is the view of the security cameras and like, this is the usher asking them to leave. Like, that's her date and then that's Lauren Bobert and then this is the pregnant woman. So the pregnant woman was one row back and one seat over from Lauren Bobert. And like, I zoomed in here, right? So you can see Bo- that's her hair, like her dark hair leaned over, listening to the usher and then this is the pregnant woman. Apparently after the fact Bo-bert tried to claim that she was not vaping and that it was a fog machine from the show. But on the video, you can see her do this and then vapor leave her mouth. So that's a lie. And in the folding video, you can see the pregnant person lean forward and talk to Bo-bert. Allegedly, she asked Bo-bert to stop vaping and Bo-bert said no. Like, it's just rude to vaping doors in a situation like that anyway, much less right next to a pregnant person. Like, if you can't put your vape down for what the three and a half hours or so for a Broadway show, including intermission, you got a problem. She tried to like vape on the congress floor because they're there for like, you know, a whole work day sometimes on occasion. Also, they were like clearly being real rude when they were escorted out too. Like, this is one from the lobby after they were escorted out, right? Like, the Beetlejuice branding. She look big-mad. And then this is one of her flipping the bird. Classy."
" On this episode of pregnancy cravings that replaced my vape the most asked question on the internet is finally going to be answer Jolly ranchers have arrived and not just Jolly ranchers but the biggest pack of Jolly ranchers ever and We have lollipops hard candy and sticks candy Do you ever have the sticks candy? my assistant vapor and husband is here to help I Used to have the sticks I used to buy them. They're like long like this. Oh, yeah, no, I remember though I used to get them at the like 99 said whatever after grade school. Okay Guys, this is a man with a store front you need it All right, so here's my plan. I'm going to mix two flavors Because I like to mix them. I feel like that's where I'm at Exactly, so I think I'm gonna go for the sticks Okay, warm melon and cherry What are you gonna do? It all right the bag already smells like a vape Smell this know the bags. Oh, yeah, I want to get a candle scented like this I'm gonna get the blue raspberry sticks blue raspberry sticks and and Great. Oh my god. I'm gonna do great. Okay. I'm gonna do a grape like this Wow, I Know what I'm doing. What are they doing? Jolly ranchers are the one And I'm gonna mix with watermelon Yes, I'm gonna try True how Wait10 It's so good. Can't have time, right? Oh, aha. You're not supposed to chew it, it's supposed to suck it, you're supposed to savor it. You chew can't eat? I'm not baking enough. You don't even got it. Wow. Read it. What? Read it. 5 out of 10 for me. Oh my god, 10 out of 10. Also, we have a huge box. Coming up this week. Squailer. Toot in for that."
" Michael. Oh, it's a safe pan. Excellent. I'm just wondering. Thank you. Dad, that's not a big pan. It's a pregnancy tennis for pregnant. Very nice. That's not a big. It's not a big."
" I could be brown, I could be blue, I could be violet sky I could be herfy, I could be purple, I could be Has anything you like I could be brown, I could be blue, I could be violet sky I could be herfy, I could be purple, I could be Anything you like I could be brown, I could be blue, I could be violet sky I could be herfy, I could be purple, I could be anything you like I could be brown, I could be blue! I could be violent sky, I could be hurtful, I could be hurtful, I could be anything you like. I could be brown, I could be blue! I could be violet sky, I could be hurtful! I could be purple, I could be anything you like! I could be brown, I could be blue, I could be violet sky. I could be hurtful, I could be purple, I could be anything you like."
" Take Keep, What Me Need For My Baby Dead For My Baby Dead, For My Baby Dead I'ma find you, You sign in the house, baby Take Keep, For My Baby Dead Bow, Bow, Bow, Bow, Bow That's that booty me, A-A-A"
Repeat from language corner to window clean paint. I'm a little bit more I'm a little bit more I'm a little bit more I'm a little bit more I'm a little bit more I'm a little bit more I'm a little bit more I'm a little bit more I'm a little bit more I'm a little bit more I'm a little bit I'm walking like a lady I'm walking like a lady tell me to go лabor
" You know the day soccer found out she was pregnant she immediately stopped vaping You know the day soccer Why do you think that you know the day soccer found out she was pregnant she immediately stopped vaping It's raining. I don't like That's like what are you trying to prove? No the day soccer found out she was pregnant she immediately stopped vaping and I couldn't be more proud of her for that And we announced that she was quitting vaping Come on dude like you got me like like anxiety now like you can't say it All right turn your face towards me, so I know you're not gonna do it. Thank you. It's making me all right Jim Kerry Thank you You know the day soccer found out she was pregnant she immediately stopped vaping I couldn't be more proud of her for that And the day we told everybody that she had stopped vaping everybody was like it's because she's pregnant And yes, yes it was come on. This is like getting hard to handle I'm F**k thing"
" I was in class and a supervisor comes in the class and goes up to my teacher and talks to her. And then the teacher says, where are you, Roxie? And then I raised my hand and the supervisor came up to my desk and she looks like, where are your things? And I told her, these are my things. They weren't really my things. They were my friends' things. Obviously, if I said my backpack was mine, the vape was inside of it. I went up to the office walking with a supervisor and then I walked into the vice principal's office and she was telling me that I got reported for vaping and that she needed a pat me down and to look into my stuff and everything to make sure I had the vape or not. So obviously since this was not my backpack, there was no vape inside. And she got suspicious and asked me to tell her the truth like words of the vape and I told her it's in the classroom and I told her it was in the backpack."
Caesar's Pizza was not hot and ready so I fucking shot up the store. I was robbed and shot to death in my own home. My barber fucked up my hair so I shot his ass up. Papa is overcooked my biscuit so I shot up the floor. My girlfriend's dad shot me to death after he found out I got her pregnant. My neighbor's fucking forgot to invite me to their seafood boil so I shot him. My driver instructor fucking failed me so I shot his ass up. I got jail time for expressing my love for kids. The judge in my court case gave me the death sentence. My name is YNW Melee and I- The chicken nuggets from McDonald's were too hot so I sued their asses. I fled from a crime scene and got shot at their friend's police. I got shot to death after I swam in a white only pool. I bummed my local bank because they scammed me. The Popeyes manager shot me to death. I tried to scam an old man and I- I was arrested in school after I triggered a fire alarm by vaping. Little Caesars took too fucking long to make my pizza so I shot up the workers. My fiance cheated on me so I shot her ass up and flooding. I now fucking face 15 years in prison for stealing fried chicken from KFC. They kicked my ass out of the strip club so I shot it up. I was raped by 100 gang members because I-
" To that thing up mommy make it roll wash you pop pop like this for me girl. Yeah, no if your mama gave it to you Hot dog"
" I can talk about the beat, mumpas, and I can talk about it. I can talk about the beat, mumpas, and I can talk about it. I can talk about the beat, mumpas, and I can talk about it. That last beat is fat. This fat crosswear is really good. It's not what we end. We smoking up jack. Oh jack, they have to kill it. It's out to a fat. Let's take care of fat."
" I love you anyway, you can twirl while in the slit You racking up, then tips, your body packing Your boot a pocket, I'm proud to call you my pain Go baby, go baby, out, go baby, go baby, yeah One, two, three, we got you, baby Don't grab our old fight into the end Drag on, solve it, solve it She make it clap, clap, clap, clap She make it clap, clap, clap"
" Shabby, I pray this fire, uh-uh I'll hold your dice, no cover, sex, so nice Ain't no locking keys, a B B B, up in my G Ah ah ah ah ah Go baby, go baby, stand Go baby, go baby, stand"
" I'm a tragedy, you turned my old song into a symphony And with your spirit and living inside of me I'm a new creation, I'm a new creation And now I know what you were talking about And from my head and to my home When I was broken up the God on my found You're my healer and the team of Jesus That's who you are You brought me bread, saints out of a tragedy You turned my old song into a symphony And with your spirit and living inside of me"
